Edit made on: 'TxVoice_20191126074220'
You're over 30 and he still don't have a credit card.
You're over 30 and you still don't have a credit card.
Can you see me reminder about the appointment?
Can you send me a reminder about the appointment?
Monday is totally doable showing me at the usual spot.
Monday is totally doable. Should we meet at the usual spot.
we consume certain microbes can overpopulating cause cavities.
we consume certain microbes can overpopulate cause cavities.
Cause an explosion of bacteria called mutans streptococci in our mountains.
Cause an explosion of bacteria called mutans streptococci in our mouths.
Gradually acid wears down a pathway for bacteria into the tooth's secondary layer called the Denton.
Gradually acid wears down a pathway for bacteria into the tooth's secondary layer called the dentin.
Edit made on: 'RxVoice_20191202033155 (custom)'
Say hello to Tom. Play.
Say hello to Tom.
How do you scan the documents and email them to me?
Could you scan the documents and email them to me?
A lack of sleep will have a detrimental effect on your house.
A lack of sleep will have a detrimental effect on your health.
He needs to leave 1/4 after 4.
He needs to leave a quarter after four.
You're over 30 and he still don't have a credit card.
You're over 30 and you still don't have a credit card.
In her memoir, Michelle Obama draws under experiences as the first lady.
In her memoir, Michelle Obama draws on her experiences as the first lady.
I'm just German food in general.
and just German food in general.
Monday is totally doable showing me at the usual spot.
Monday is totally doable. Should we meet at the usual spot.
N as are teeth erupt.
And as our teeth erupt,
Pending on what we eat and specifically how much sugar,
Depending on what we eat and specifically how much sugar,
Diets high in sugary foods has an explosion of bacteria called mutans streptococci in our mouths.
Diets high in sugary foods cause an explosion of bacteria called mutans streptococci in our mouths.
Like humans, these microorganisms love sugary.
Like humans, these microorganisms love sugar.
Using it as a molecular building block in energy source.
Using it as a molecular building block and energy source.
Gradually acid wears down a pathway for bacteria into the toothpastes secondary layer called the dentin.
Gradually acid wears down a pathway for bacteria into the tooth's secondary layer called the dentin.
