How are you?
Feel feel.
How are you?
Fine, thank you.
Please remember me to Tom.
Say hello to Tom.
Say hello to Tom.
Cool.
How do you do?
It's nice to meet you.
Watt.
Where are you from?
We can do better.
Wow.
I think it's time for us to leave now.
Guys.
See you later.
It's very kind of you.
Thank you all the same.
Happy birthday to you.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Siri.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
That's alright.
What time can I see you?
That's a good idea.
Can I talk to you?
How are you feeling today?
Are you available on Friday night to have dinner?
How do you scan the documents and email them to me?
A lack of sleep will have a detrimental effect on your house.
On second thought could I get an iced coffee instead of a hot coffee.
He needs to leave 1/4 after 4.
My parents are coming to visit next week.
You're over 30 and he still don't have a credit card.
What a deal you shoes are only $20?
Can you send me a reminder about the appointment?
Plane was delayed for more than 4 hours.
The novel Apina Mises, the problems of working class women in the 1950s.
In her memoir, Michelle Obama draws under experiences as the first lady.
I'm going to add in one teaspoon of granulated sugar as well as 1/8 of a teaspoon or 1/4 teaspoon of cinnamon.
The first flag was 10 hours and the second leg was 12 hours.
I never ended up being in Frankfurt, Germany, which was really exciting because I'm a big fan of inner products and just German food in general.
That's a reclining chair nice comfortable, couch glass table TV with the PS4 and some video games.
Smoke salmon is quite popular cucumber and cream cheese is ever so popular as well.
You wanna do that new Thai place again. It was pretty tasty last time.
Monday is totally doable showing me at the usual spot.
I don't really mind getting take out it's too hot, to cook anyway.
When a team of archaeologists recently came across some 15,000 year old human remains. They made an interesting.
The teeth of those ancient humans were riddled with holes.
N as our teeth are up, they naturally begin to accumulate communities of bacteria.
Anyone what we eat and specifically how much sugar, we consume certain microbes can overpopulating cause cavities.
Depending on what we eat and specifically how much sugar, we consume certain microbes can overpopulating cause cavities.
Don't try and sugary foods has an explosion of bacteria called mutant struck a constant in our mouths.
Like humans, these microorganisms love sugar using it as a molecular building block in energy source.
Gradually acid wears down a pathway for bacteria into the tooth secondary layer called the dental.
Today, an incredible 92% of American adults have had cavities in their teeth.
In most toothpaste and many water supplies, we use tiny amounts of fluoride.
Gradually the population of sugar loving microbes in your mouth will decline.
