Oh no, I’ve got my monthly and I forgot to bring anything with me!
哎呀，我来月经了，但我忘带卫生用品了。
My sister was so annoyed on holiday because it was her time of the month!
我姐姐在度假的时候心情特别烦躁，因为当时她来月经了。
I’m hoping I won’t be on my monthly this weekend.
我希望这个周末我可别来例假。
I find a hot water bottle is very helpful when I have period pain. The heat seems to help the cramps.
我发现每次月经肚子痛的时候，热水袋特别管用。让肚子暖和一点似乎对缓解痛经很有帮助。
Does anyone have a painkiller? Jo has bad period pain.
有人有止痛药吗？乔来月经肚子很痛。
My sister never used to get period pain when we were younger, but now she suffers from it quite badly.
我妹妹在我们小时候从来没有过痛经，但是现在她的痛经非常严重。
You can’t go to doctors for that. You only have the sniffles.
你不能因为这点小病就去看医生。你只是流鼻涕罢了。
I can’t come to work today. I have the sniffles.
我今天不能来上班了。我感冒流鼻涕。
You have been sneezing a lot today. Have you got the sniffles?
你今天一直在打喷嚏。你感冒了吗？
If you have pins and needles, you should try walking for a few minutes to get rid of them.
如果你的身体发麻，那应该试着走几分钟，活动活动，甩掉这种感觉。
I’ve been writing for too long and now I have pins and needles in my hand.
我已经写了太长时间了，现在两只手都发麻了。
He hates it when he gets pins and needles after sitting for a long while. For example, he gets it often at work because he sits at his desk all day.
他很讨厌久坐后而身体发麻的感觉。比如，他上班时经常有这种感觉，因为一整天都得坐在桌子前面。
Doctor, I’ve lost my voice. I have a frog in my throat.
医生，我说不出话来。我喉咙不舒服，嗓子哑了。
The singer keeps coughing and can't sing. He has a frog in his throat.
这位歌手一直在咳嗽，无法唱歌。他嗓子哑了。
You sound really hoarse today. Have you got a frog in your throat?
你今天听起来声音有点哑。你喉咙不舒服吗？
I didn’t go to work yesterday as I was feeling a bit peaky.
昨天我没去上班，因为我有点难受。
He is going to the doctor because he is feeling a bit peaky.
他要去看医生，因为他感觉有些不太舒服。
Liu looked a bit peaky when she left. Is she OK?
刘走的时候看起来有些憔悴。她还好吧？
I never expected my videos to be successful, but after a year of posting, they’re doing numbers!
我从来没想到我的视频能这样成功，但在发表一年之后，它变得很受欢迎！
If my channel does numbers, I’ll quit my job and focus on social media.
如果我的频道能大受欢迎，那我就辞职，一心一意地经营我的社交媒体。
My posts haven’t done numbers recently – I might have to change my content.
最近我发布的帖子互动量不高。我可能得改一下我的内容了。
The developer left an Easter egg in their new game, which was a reference to their previous game.
这些开发者们在新游戏里留下了一个 “彩蛋”，这个小惊喜与开发者此前推出的一款游戏有关。
I was playing the game when I found a secret room. It was so cool that the developer left this Easter egg.
我在玩这个游戏的时候找到了一间密室！这是游戏开发者们埋下的 “彩蛋”，真是太酷了！
I love it when filmmakers put an Easter egg into their films. My favourite Easter eggs are when they discreetly include characters from other franchises as a nod to another film.
我特别喜欢电影制作人在作品里埋下 “彩蛋”。我最喜欢的 “彩蛋” 类型是他们把其它影视系列中的角色以不显眼的方式放到自己的电影里面，以示致敬。

Dear Mrs Wang,
Please find enclosed the details of your recent flight booking. We hope you have a wonderful trip.
Yours sincerely,
Liu Feng
Bookings Assistant
敬爱的王女士：
请查收附件中您最近预定的航班信息。预祝您旅途愉快。
您诚挚的
刘风
订票助理

Dear Sir/Madam,
Thank you for your recent email regarding my pension. Please find enclosed attached document showing all my recent payments.
Yours faithfully,
Wendy Smith
尊敬的先生/女士：
感谢您最近发来的有关本人退休金的邮件。请查看包含我近期的所有付款信息的附件。
谨启
温迪·史密斯
Dear Mrs Lewis,
Re your enquiry of 12 April
Many thanks for your email.
Please find attached the document you requested.
亲爱的路易斯夫人：
关于您4月12日的询问
谢谢您的邮件。你需要的文件，请见附件。

Hi Dave,
The best person to help with this is Mei – copied in here. Mei, as you can see, Dave has a couple of questions about the new software – can you help, please?
戴夫：
你好。能帮你解决这个问题的最佳人选是梅——我把她抄送在这封邮件里了。梅：如你所见，戴夫有几个关于这个新软件的问题。你能帮帮他吗？

Hey Hannah,
We’ll need Peter, cc’d, for this. Peter, are you available on the dates Hannah’s suggested?
汉娜：
你好。我们需要让彼得帮忙办这件事情，我把他抄在邮件里了。彼得，汉娜建议的那几天你有空吗？

Greetings Lynn,
Good question! The best person to ask is Connor, copied. Can you two liaise directly about this? Thanks!
琳：
你好。问题提得好！回答这个问题的最佳人选是康纳，已抄在邮件里。请你们直接就此事联络，可以吗？谢谢！

To Whom It May Concern,
I am writing to complain about a product I recently purchased. Not only had it obviously been previously used, it also had no instruction manual.
致有关人士：
我想对近期购买的一件产品进行投诉，特此致信。该产品不仅已被使用，而且缺少使用说明书。

To Whom It May Concern,
I am writing to confirm that Miss Ju was employed as a Sales Manager by ABC Trading from 2nd September 2008 to 14th October 2012.
敬启者：
此信确认鞠女士于2008年9月2日至2012年10月14日在 ABC 贸易公司担任销售经理一职。

To Whom It May Concern,
I am writing to express my interest in attending the Annual Golf Conference on 14th October and would like some more information on the prices of tickets.
敬启者：
本人有意参加于10月14日举办的年度高尔夫大会，特此致信了解更多有关票价的信息。
Dear Sir/ Madam,
I am writing to apply for the role of summer intern as listed on the company’s website.
Please find attached my CV, together with two letters of reference.
尊敬的先生/女士：
我欲申请贵公司网站招聘启事中的暑期实习生一职，特此写信应聘。
请您查收附件中我的个人简历及两封推荐信。

Please find enclosed the meeting minutes from yesterday. Let me know if you have any questions.
Regards,
Wu Feng
随信附上昨天的会议记录。如有任何疑问，请告诉我。
祝好
吴风

It was great to speak to you today. I look forward to meeting you next week at the conference in Lisbon.
Kind regards,
Georgina
很高兴今天能与你交谈。我期待下周在里斯本的会议上与你见面。
向你致以亲切的问候
乔治娜

Thank you for all your help organising our wedding day. The day went very smoothly thanks to all the hard work of your team.
Best regards,
Mary
感谢你帮助我们筹办婚礼。多亏了你们团队的辛苦工作，当天一切进行得非常顺利。
向你送去诚挚的问候
玛丽
Thanks for your helpful reply, George. And, yes, it would be great if you could take care of the photocopying. As mentioned above, we will need four copies of all the relevant documents – one for each of our guests.
谢谢回复，乔治，这非常有用。没错，如果你能负责复印，就再好不过了。如上所述，我们将需要四份所有相关文件的复印件，每位客人一份。
That’s great, Sarah. I’m glad you can join us. As mentioned below, we’re meeting at 12:00 tomorrow. See you then!
很好，莎拉。很高兴你能一起来。正如前面邮件里提到的，我们明天十二点碰头。到时候见！
As per our conversation, we will book the meeting room and provide refreshments for our meeting on Monday.
根据我们此前的约定，我们将为周一的会议预定会议室并提供茶点。
As per our conversation, we hope to send you the draft document for your approval later today.
按照此前说到的那样，我们会争取在今天晚些时候把文件草稿发给您，供您审批。
As per our conversation, I would appreciate it if you could confirm by email that you have cancelled our flights and refunded us the difference.
按照此前谈话中说定的那样，如果您能以邮件的形式确认我们的航班已被取消，差价也已经退还，我将不胜感激。

Dear Ms O’Brien,
Thank you for your question about our prices. These vary depending on the time of year - please see attached for more details.
亲爱的奥布赖恩女士：
感谢您垂询本公司的报价。报价取决于一年中的具体时间，详情请参照附件中的信息。

Hi Ling,
Sorry I forgot to send you last month’s report. Please find attached.
玲，你好：
对不起，我忘了把上个月的报告发给你。请查收附件。

Dear customer,
Please find attached the tickets for your upcoming travel.
尊敬的顾客：
请查收邮件中包含您近期旅行票据的附件。
Could you forward your email receipt so that we can investigate why you have not received your refund, please?
烦请转发您的电子邮件收据，以便我们调查您未收到退款的原因。
Oh no, I didn’t get that email! Can you forward it to me?
哎呀，我没收到那封邮件！你能把它转发给我吗？
I’ll forward the booking confirmation email to you so you know where we need to meet on Friday.
我会把预约确认邮件转发给你，这样你就知道我们周五需要在哪里见面了。
I started watching videos online and before I knew it, three hours had passed – it’s so easy to fall down the rabbit hole!
我上网看起了视频，不知不觉地三个小时就过去了。真是一不小心就会陷进去！
Don’t click on listicles! Before you know it, you’ll be down the rabbit hole and wasting your afternoon.
别点开那些 “清单体” 网络文章！你会在不知不觉中一篇接一篇、没完没了地看下去，浪费一下午的时间。
I don’t go on social media very often – I don’t want to get sucked down the rabbit hole.
我不经常用社交媒体，因为我不想被吸进社交媒体这个无底洞中去。
After the maths exam, my brain was fried!
考完数学之后，我累得脑子都烧焦了。
It’s been such a busy week in the office – I’m totally fried.
这个星期办公室里非常忙碌，累得我精疲力尽。
I thought that after spending three days writing my essay my brain would be fried. But actually, I don’t feel tired at all.
我本来以为在连续写了三天论文之后，会累得脑子都转不动了。但实际上，我一点也不觉得累。
The teacher spoon-fed her favourite student the answers to the test.
这位老师填鸭式地把考试答案都告诉了她最偏爱的学生。
He doesn’t have much initiative and isn’t able to do things by himself – you need to spoon-feed him.
他做事没有太多的主动性，也不能独立地做任何事情。你需要一步一步地教他才行。
This new accounting software is fantastic – you just input the numbers and it spoon-feeds you all the information you need!
这个新的会计软件非常棒，你只需要把数字敲进去，它就能一股脑地把所有信息提供给你。
I think you should speak to your girlfriend quickly before she has time to stew on the argument.
我觉得你应该在你女朋友还没来得及为你们吵架而烦恼之前赶快和她聊聊。
After our argument, I let things stew for a while. Eventually, my friend apologised.
我们争吵之后，我让事情平静了一阵子。最后，我的朋友向我道歉了。
Oh! Just ignore what he said! He’s in a bad mood! Let him stew for a while until he is ready to say sorry.
哎呀！别把他说的话放在心上！他心情不好，让他先自己冷静一会儿，直到他愿意道歉为止。
I think you need to think more deeply about your business plans. You just have a half-baked idea at present.
我认为你需要更深入地考虑你的商业计划。你现在只是有一个不成熟的想法。
The school has come up with a half-baked scheme to have students mark their own homework.
这所学校想出了一个草率的方案——让学生们自己批改作业。
I still think my idea is half-baked so I’m going to take a bit more time to think it through before I pitch it to the boss.
我觉得我的想法还是不太成熟，所以我要花点时间仔细想想，再向上司提出这个想法。
If you buy a new car today, we will give you free insurance to sweeten the deal.
如果你今天买一辆新车，我们会送给你一份免费的车险。让你买得更实惠。
My boyfriend agreed to come to the cinema after I sweetened the deal by offering to pay for the tickets.
我男朋友答应来看电影，因为我主动提出买电影票，以让他更愿意和我一起去影院 。
Normally, I would say ‘no’ to invitations like this, but free food always helps to sweeten the deal.
通常情况下，我会拒绝这样的邀请，但有免费饭菜的好事还是很诱人的。
My friends are not speaking because they had a disagreement about money. I’m sure it will pass – it’s just a storm in a teacup!
我的朋友们因为在金钱上意见不合而打冷战。我相信这件事情肯定会过去的，只是小题大做而已！
The manager and the director always argue in meetings. It’s usually just a storm in a teacup. They’re the best of friends.
那位经理和主管两人经常在会议上争吵。不过通常只是小题大做。他们其实是最好的朋友。
The disagreement about pay is just a storm in a teacup. The company always sort things out eventually.
有关工资问题上的分歧不过是小题大做而已。公司最后总是会把问题解决好的。
The new band is taking the world by storm. A few months ago, no one knew their names, and now everyone is singing their songs!
这支新乐队风靡世界。几个月前，没有人知道他们的名字，现在每个人都在唱他们的歌！
She's an excellent actress and she hoped her performance in the play would take the theatre world by storm. But no one went to see the play, and she's still not famous.
她是一位出色的演员，她希望自己在这部剧中的表演能在戏剧界引起轰动。但是没有人去看这部剧，她也依然没什么名气。
Mobile apps have taken the world by storm in the past few years. We use them for everything now – to communicate, to buy things, to learn things – but a few years ago they didn't even exist.
在过去的几年里，移动应用程序的风潮席卷了全球。现在，我们用它们来交流、买东西、学习新事物，但就在几年前，它们甚至还不存在。
This model of electric car has been a real disruptive innovation. Now everyone is trying to make something similar.
这款电动汽车是一项真正的颠覆性创新。现在大家都想尝试做出类似的东西。
The smartphone was a disruptive innovation. People expect something completely different from their phones these days.
智能手机是一项颠覆性创新。如今，人们对手机的期望和以往完全不同。
Digital photography was a disruptive innovation. Many camera and film companies closed as a result.
数码摄影是一项颠覆性的创新。许多相机和胶片公司因此倒闭。
She never rests on her laurels – she constantly strives to achieve more and more.
她从不满足于自己的既得成就，而是不断地努力，勇于进取。
Just because you got great grades for your coursework, don’t rest on your laurels. You still have exams to do!
不要只因为你的课程作业成绩优异，就沾沾自喜、不思进取。你还有很多考试要参加呢！
When the tennis player became the youngest champion ever, she didn’t just rest on her laurels. She continued to train hard every day.
当这名网球运动员成为有史以来最年轻的冠军之后，她并没有安于自己的荣誉。她依然每天坚持刻苦训练。
You’ve done all the hard work and passed your exams – now it’s time to bask in your achievements!
你已经完成了艰苦的学习任务并通过了考试。现在是时候好好享受自己的学习成果了！
At the age of only 22, the young businessman has sold his company for over a million pounds. But rather than basking in his achievements, he has already started a new business!
这名年仅 22 岁的年轻商人以 100 多万英镑的价格卖掉了他的公司，但他并没有沉浸在成就感中，而是已经开了一家新公司！
When her son became a pop star, Carol basked in the glory of his achievements.
在儿子当上流行歌手之后，卡萝沉浸在儿子的荣耀之中。
Thanks for what you said about the project – but you deserve all the credit. I only helped out.
谢谢你对这个项目的肯定。但最功不可没的是你，我只是帮了帮忙而已。
We organised a surprise party for my wife, but it's the children who really deserve all the credit - they came up with the idea and did the most work.
我们给我妻子筹划了一个惊喜聚会，但功劳其实都是孩子们的。聚会的主意是他们想出来的，整个过程基本上也是他们一手操办的。
The team is at the top of the league, but it's the goalkeeper who deserves all the credit - none of the other players have played well.
这支球队在联赛中名列前茅，但所有的功劳都应归于守门员，因为其他球员踢得都不好。
After studying hard for my exams, I took a well-earned break.
在为了考试刻苦学习之后，我好好地休息了一下。
Once we've launched this product we can all take a well-earned break.
一旦我们推出了这个产品，我们就可以好好休息一下。
You’ve been working too hard! You deserve to take a well-earned break.
你工作太辛苦了！你应该好好休息一下。
You did really well in the exam! You should pat yourself on the back.
你考得非常好！你应该好好表扬一下自己。
I bought a present to pat myself on the back for getting a new job.
我找到了新工作，作为奖励，我给自己买了一个礼物。
Don't pat yourself on the back yet – we haven't finished!
先别着急表扬自己，我们事情还没做完呢！
I really like our accountant. She's a woman of her word and has always done everything she said she would do.
我很喜欢咱们的会计。她是个言而有信的人，而且总是说到做到。
Terry is very reliable. You can always trust something will get done well when he says he'll do it. He's a man of his word.
泰瑞很可靠。当他承诺说会做一件事情的时候，你就大可放心，这件事肯定能办好。他是个言而有信的人。
Our neighbour said he was a man of his word but we realised he wasn't. He told us he would return the things he had borrowed from us but he still hasn’t!
我们邻居号称自己说话算数，但我们意识到他并不是这样的人。他说会把借走的东西还给我们，但到现在还没还！
After winning the lottery and becoming a millionaire, Sarah didn’t change – she’s still very down to earth.
在中了彩票成为百万富翁之后，莎拉并没有改变。她依然是个实在人。
I was anxious when I met my girlfriend’s parents for the first time, but they were very friendly and down-to-earth people.
我第一次见女朋友的父母时，心里很紧张，但其实他们都是非常友善的实在人。
My new colleague is very down to earth – we had a great conversation over lunch and he was really easy to talk to.
我的新同事很接地气。我俩吃午饭的时候聊得很投机，他非常亲切善谈。
She was very goal-oriented. She always met the targets that she set herself.
她目标明确，总能完成自己定下的目标。
We need a goal-oriented salesperson. They have to hit their targets if they want to keep their job!
我们需要一个目标明确的销售人员。如果他们想保住工作，就必须要完成业务指标。
Most people here are very goal-oriented. If we tell them what we need them to achieve, they always do it.
这里的大多数人都有明确的目标。只要我们提出需要实现的目标，他们就能做到。
Thank you for all your help with the project. You’re one in a million!
谢谢你给这个项目提供的帮助。你真是百里挑一的好人！
I met the girl of my dreams – she is one in a million!
我遇到了我的梦中女孩。她真是个超凡脱俗、独一无二的人！
This year’s Footballer of the Year is one in a million – few other players can compare.
本年度的 “最佳足球运动员” 真是百里挑一的球星！其他球员无法与之匹敌。
I like to set my sights high – I want to get a promotion in the next three months.
我想把目标定得高些。我想在未来的三个月内得到晋升。
We're aiming to double our profits this year. We're really setting our sights high.
我们的目标是将本年度的利润翻番。我们真的是定下了很高的目标。
If you set your sights high you will achieve a lot more.
若立志高远，则成果卓著。
He's a real go-getter – he'll be managing director by the end of the year.
他是一个非常有进取心的人，我觉得到年底他将成为总经理。
You've worked really hard. You're a real go-getter, aren't you?
你工作很努力。你真是一个积极上进的人，对不对？
Everyone in this class is a go-getter – you'll have to work hard to stand out!
这个班里的每个人都积极能干、富有进取心。你必须得勤奋努力，才能脱颖而出！
I'm trying to book a holiday. I'm comparing deals to see which is best.
我想预订一个度假产品。我在比较看哪一个最好。
We need to buy things for the party. Let's go and compare some deals to see what prices we can find.
我们需要给这次聚会买些东西。咱们去比一比价，看看能找到什么合适的价格。
You should always compare deals to see if you can get a better offer.
你应该每次都货比三家，看能不能找到更合算的价格。
I love it when the sales are on in the shops! It's the perfect time to go bargain hunting.
我特别喜欢商店大减价的时候！这是买便宜货的完美时机！
My aunt loves going bargain hunting. She's really good at it! She finds some amazing deals.
我姑姑特别喜欢到处找便宜货买。她可会找了，总能买到物美价廉的好东西！
You need to be very patient if you're going to go bargain hunting – it can take time to find the best discounts.
如果你要去买便宜货，你一定要很有耐心。因为想找到最优惠的折扣是需要花时间的。
If you want to buy flight tickets, look out for the flash sales which are common after Christmas.
如果你想买机票，可以关注一下圣诞节后常有的限时抢购。
I was lucky – I saw a flash sale and managed to get this really cheaply!
幸运的是，我看到了一个限时抢购活动，所以买得非常便宜！
It would have been much cheaper yesterday in the flash sale – but it's finished now, sorry!
昨天限时大甩卖的时候，这件商品要比现在便宜得多。但促销活动已经结束了，很抱歉！
Since our son was born, I rely completely on buying what I need online. I have become a real vampire shopper while feeding him in the early morning.
自从我们的儿子出生以来，我完全依赖在网上购买我需要的东西。我已经变成了一个在半夜边喂奶、边购物的人。
According to statistics, the average vampire shopper buys 20% more than the average daytime shopper.
据统计，夜晚网购人的购买量比白天网购者平均多 20%。
When Claire can't sleep, she goes online and buys things. She's become a vampire shopper, which is an expensive new habit!
克莱尔一睡不着觉就上网购物。她变成了一个总在大半夜网购的人，这个新习惯可是够花钱的！
Having completed 90% of the marathon, the runner pushed through the pain to make it to the end.
跑完了马拉松90%的赛程之后，这名运动员顶着痛苦，坚持跑到了终点。
The mountaineer had to push through the pain to complete the climb to the summit.
这个登山者挺过痛苦，爬上了山顶。
If you push through the pain and complete the workout, you’ll feel really good about yourself.
如果你能挺过痛苦并完成训练，你的自我感觉会很好。
My boxing class instructor really pushes us to try harder each week. He's always shouting: 'Feel the burn!'
我的拳击课老师每周都督促我们要更努力训练。他总是大喊：享受肌肉燃烧的感觉！
Do you need to feel the burn each time you exercise or is gentle exercise also effective?
每次锻炼的时候，你是需要感觉到肌肉的灼烧感，还是说轻微的运动也一样有效？
When I started doing push-ups, I really felt the burn! But now they're getting easier, and it's not so painful.
我一开始做俯卧撑的时候，真的感觉到肌肉在燃绕！但现在做起来容易些了，也不像以前那样痛苦了。
John must have spent a lot of time at the gym lately. He’s really bulked up!
约翰最近肯定总是去健身房埋头苦练。他真的练得壮实了不少！
After losing her last fight, the boxer decided to try and bulk up for her next match.
在输掉上一场搏斗之后，这名拳击手决定为赢得下场比赛练得更壮实一点。
Add some more vegetables to the soup – that should bulk it up a bit.
再往汤里加些蔬菜，这样汤就会更浓一点。
My boyfriend used to hate exercise, but now he really likes to sweat it out in the gym for a few hours a week.
我的男朋友过去很不喜欢运动，但现在他真的很喜欢每周去健身房里做几个小时高强度的运动锻炼。
Thousands of people sweat it out at the London Marathon every year.
每年都有成千上万名参赛者在伦敦马拉松赛上挥汗如雨。
My friend and I tried a new dance class last night – we really sweated it out! It was so hard!
我和我朋友昨晚上了一门新的舞蹈课。我们真是累坏了！舞蹈动作好难！
Robbie is such a gym bunny! He spends more time at the gym than he spends at home.
罗比真是个健身迷！他在健身房里的时间比待在家里的时间多。
I could never be a gym bunny! I like chocolate cake and sitting on the sofa too much.
我永远都成为不了一名健身健将！我喜欢吃巧克力蛋糕，也喜欢坐在沙发上。
You don't have to be a gym bunny to start seeing some changes in your body. A little exercise can make a big difference.
你不必成为一名健身狂热者，就能看到锻炼让身体产生的变化。做一点运动就能看到很大的不同。
You don't need to spend hours pumping iron in the gym to be healthy. There are lots of other forms of exercise that help you stay strong and fit.
你不必花大量的时间去健身房做重量训练来保持健康。你还可以通过很多其它的方式来强身健体。
My brother is a firefighter and he needs to stay strong for his job, so pumps a lot of iron in the gym.
我哥哥是一名消防员，他需要保持强壮的体魄来完成他的工作，所以他常去健身房举重锻炼。
Have you seen that tennis player's arms? She's been pumping iron! Her arms used to be really skinny.
你看见那个网球运动员的手臂了吗？她一直在做重量训练！她的手臂以前特别纤细。
A: Doctor, I'm putting on weight even though I'm not eating anything different.
B: Running and swimming are two types of exercise that help burn off the calories quickly. Try them for a few weeks and see.
“大夫，虽然我的饮食上没有任何变化，可还是在长胖。”
“跑步和游泳是两种能帮你快速燃烧脂肪的运动。试几个星期，看看效果如何。”
Wow, Mark! You look great! You've really been burning off the pounds at the gym, haven't you?
哇，马克！你看起来很不错啊！你在健身房运动，甩掉了不少脂肪，是不是？
I really burned off the pounds for my sister's wedding but I put the weight back on afterwards!
为了参加妹妹的婚礼，我减掉了赘肉，但婚礼之后我就又胖回来了。
Remember not to worry when you’re in the exam hall. You’ve worked hard, you’ve done all your practice – you’ve got it the bag!
记住，你在考场的时候不要担心。你很刻苦用功、做了所有的练习，考出好成绩是十拿九稳的事！
I’m so happy you passed the test! Although I knew you had it in the bag when you came home from the exam with a big smile on your face.
我很高兴得知你通过了考试！早在你笑呵呵地考完试回家的时候，我就知道你胜券在握了！
I knew I had the test in the bag as soon as I read the questions on the paper. I had prepared for all of them!
我一看到试卷上的问题就知道自己肯定能考好。因为之前我已经复习过那些题目了！
After two weeks of exams, I’m almost through. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
连续两周的考试，马上就要考完了。我看到了希望的曙光。
Trust me, when you can see the light at the end of the tunnel, you won’t regret spending all day studying. You’ll be thankful you did it!
相信我，当你感到苦尽甘来的时候，就不会后悔整天都在学习了。你会感到庆幸的！
The light at the end of the tunnel is that once I pass my tests, I automatically get accepted into university.
给我一线希望的是，一旦通过这些考试，我就自动被大学录取了。
I know revising for a test can be boring, but keep your chin up! You’re nearly finished.
我知道考前复习可能很枯燥，但你得保持斗志！你马上就熬出头了。
Come on, mate! You’ll be fine in the exam. Chin up!
加油，伙计！你会考好的。咬咬牙，坚持住！
Keep your chin up, my friend. You’ll find a job sooner or later.
别灰心，我的朋友。你迟早会找到工作的。
Just keep revising. Your exams are nearly here! Keep your eyes on the prize.
继续好好复习。考试近在眼前！你要盯准目标努力。
I told my daughter not to go to the party tomorrow and to keep her eyes on the prize. There will be plenty of time for celebrating after next week’s test!
我告诉女儿不要去参加明天的聚会，而是应该为了考出好成绩而专心复习。等下周考完试之后，有大把时间来庆祝！
You will find this course very difficult. It’s important to keep your eyes on the prize - a good qualification at the end of it!
你会发现这门课程很难。要把注意力集中在最后的结果上很重要，因为读完之后能拿到一张很好的资格证书。
If you keep your nose to the grindstone, you’ll do well in your exams.
如果你埋头苦读，你就会考出好成绩。
I had a tight deadline, so I put my nose to the grindstone and got the work done.
我的时间期限很紧，所以我埋头苦干，把工作做完了。
No more messing around! You have to study for your exam, so put your nose to the grindstone!
别再瞎闹了！你必须为了考试好好复习，所以需要埋头读书！
My job keeps getting more and more stressful. I've had enough! I need to resign and look for another one.
我的工作压力越来越大。我再也忍不了了！我要辞职另找下家。
The traffic noise outside our bedroom window makes it impossible to sleep. We're moving next month – we've had enough.
我们卧室窗外的交通噪音大得让人根本没法睡觉。我们下个月搬家，真是受够了。
David's car kept breaking down and he regularly had to take it to the mechanic to get it repaired. In the end he'd had enough so he decided to sell it and buy and new one.
大卫的车老是出故障，他经常得把它送到修理工那里去修理。他终于受够了，决定卖掉旧车，再买一辆新的。
He's been working on this project for months and it's still not over! He's so fed up.
他已经一连几个月在做这个项目了，还没结束呢！他感觉烦透了。
I'm fed up with your excuses! You never do what you say you're going to do. I clearly can't rely on you any more.
我受够了你的各种借口！你从来不兑现自己许下的承诺。我显然不能再依赖你了。
After years of living far away from work, she moved into the city. She had become fed up with her long commute.
多年以来，她的家离工作地点非常远，不过现在她搬到了城里住。因为她早就厌倦了以前上下班路途很长，来回奔波的日子。
James was absolutely made up that his team had won the final! It was the first time in many years it had happened.
詹姆斯的队伍在总决赛中获胜，他高兴得不得了！这是他的队伍多年来第一次获胜。
We'll be made up if the weather's good for our party this weekend! We can have it inside, but it would be much better if we can have it in the garden.
如果这周末的天气不错，适合开派对的话，我们将会非常开心！虽然我们可以在室内举办派对，但在花园里会好得多。
Laura's boyfriend just sent her a bunch of flowers at work for her birthday. It's obvious she's made up! She hasn't stopped smiling.
劳拉的男朋友刚刚在她上班时送了她一束花作为生日礼物。很明显，她开心极了！一直笑个不停。
A: What did you think of the film?
B: I liked it, generally, but I have mixed feelings about the ending. It was well done but quite predictable.
“你觉得这部电影怎么样？”
“总体来说，我挺喜欢的。但我对结局的感想比较复杂。虽然处理得不错，但比较老套。”
Zhu Hong said she has mixed feelings about her new flatmate. She said he's very friendly and sociable, but not very clean or quiet.
朱红说新室友给她的感觉好坏参半。她说虽然他很友好，又善交际，但不太注意卫生，而且有点吵。
When I first moved to London, I had mixed feelings about it. It's an exciting and fun city but also very big and noisy!
我刚搬到伦敦住的时候，对于这座城市我的感情很矛盾。它虽然多姿多彩、充满乐趣，但也非常大而喧嚣嘈杂。
It’s a lovely day. We should go out, get on our bikes and enjoy the sunshine!
今天天气真好。我们应该走出去，骑上自行车，享受外面的阳光！
I don’t have time to stop and chat – my train’s leaving in ten minutes and I need to find where I can get on!
我没时间停下来聊了，我的火车还有十分钟就要开了，我得去找一下从哪里上车！
She didn’t have a valid bus ticket so I told her she had to get off.
她没能出示有效的公共汽车票，所以我告诉她必须下车。
If you don’t want to get stuck in traffic, you should set off for the beach early in the morning!
如果你不想堵在路上的话，应该一早就动身去沙滩。
I realised that I had forgotten our suitcases half an hour after we set off for the airport. My wife was furious!
我们出发去机场半个小后，我才意识到忘了拿行李箱。我妻子非常生气！
What time are you thinking of setting off for work tomorrow? Could you take me with you?
你明天打算几点出发去上班？你能捎上我吗？
I wanted to be a teacher but I ended up being a fireman! Isn’t life strange?
我原本想成为一名教师，到头来却成为了一名消防员！人生是多么神奇啊！
We couldn’t find a nice Thai restaurant to eat in. After walking round for hours we ended up in an English cafe!
我们找不到一家好的泰国餐厅吃饭。走了好几个小时后，最终在一家英式咖啡馆坐了下来。
If you don’t stop eating so much between meals you will end up getting fat!
如果你总是在两餐之间不停地吃很多东西的话，你最终会长胖的。
This year, I'm definitely going to give up smoking.
今年，我一定得把烟给戒掉。
I tried learning to play the guitar, but I didn't like practising so I just gave up.
我试着学弹吉它，但因为不喜欢练习，所以就放弃了。
Once I saw that film about vegetarianism, it was easy to give up eating meat.
在我看了那部讲素食主义的电影之后，放弃吃肉变得很容易。
My brother had a terrible start to the year. He broke his leg, his car was stolen and then his girlfriend left him. But things are looking up now – his leg's much better and he's just got a promotion.
我弟弟今年年初诸事不顺。他一条腿骨折，车被偷了，女朋友也离开了他。不过，现在情况好多了，他的腿恢复得不错，还刚升了职。
After a bad couple of years, things are looking up for the company. They're making a profit again and have hired some new employees.
这家公司在过去几年中生意不景气，但现在有所转机。它们重新开始盈利，并招了些新员工。
A: We've had an awful winter, haven't we? It's been cold and wet and windy for months!
B: Don't worry! Spring's round the corner – things are looking up.
“这个冬天的天气真是很糟糕，你说是不是？一连好几个月又冷又湿、还刮大风。”
“没关系！万物复苏的春季就要来了，天气在逐渐变好。”
The business had offices in many different cities, so it proved difficult to coordinate all the teams and make sure they worked together.
这家公司在很多城市都设有办公室，所以事实证明要想协调各个团队，确保所有人共同合作是很困难的。
I thought this report was going to be quick and easy to write but it's proving to be more difficult than I thought.
我本以为能快速、轻松地写完这份报告，但事实证明这比我预想的要难得多。
We think we're extremely organised and ready to move house next week, but we're sure there are still many things we haven't anticipated. It will probably prove more difficult than we realise at the moment.
我们觉得自己非常有条理，一切就绪，准备下周搬家。不过到时候肯定还会有很多预料之外的事情要做。事实可能会证明，搬家比我们目前意识到的要困难得多。
If you would like to see your grandmother, we can stop off at her house on the way to the city.
如果你想去看看你的奶奶，那么我们可以在进城的时候顺路去她家。
Don’t worry! I can stop off at your house on the way home and give you your present in person.
别担心！我可以在回家的路上经过你家门口停一下，亲自把礼物送给你。
Could you stop off at the next motorway services, please? I need to go to the toilet.
您能在下一个高速公路服务站停一下吗？我需要去一下卫生间。
We’ve agreed to go out on Friday night, but we need to firm up exactly where we’re going to meet.
我们商量好周五晚上一起出去玩，但我们需要确定一下在哪里见面。
You told me weeks ago that you would come and repair my car. Can we firm up these plans, please?
几周前你跟我说会过来修我的车。我们可以敲定一下具体的安排吗？
The new collaboration agreement between the two tech giants still needs to be firmed up.
这两家科技巨头之间的新合作协议尚待进一步落实。
After school, I always hung out with my friends at the park.
以前放学后，我总是和朋友们一起去公园里玩。
Phil and his friends were going out for a meal.
菲尔要和他的朋友们出去吃饭。
Ann and Andrew have been going out for a year – their relationship is getting quite serious.
安和安德鲁已经交往一年了，他们的关系现在相当稳定。
Hurry up and get in the car! We’re going to be late.
快点上车！我们要迟到了。
A: Where do you need to be dropped off?
B: I’m getting out at the train station.
“我需要把你送到哪里？”
“我要在火车站下车。”
When I bought my new sports car, getting in and out became quite tricky as it’s so small!
我买了新跑车后，上下车非常不方便，因为车身太小！
You should try to leave the office before 17.00 if you don’t want to get held up in traffic.
如果你不想被堵在路上，那就应该尽量在下午五点之前离开办公室。
I’ll be out of the airport soon! I’m just getting a bit held up by all the long queues for baggage and immigration!
我马上出机场了！取行李和入境检查的队太长，耽误了一些时间。
Sorry, honey, I’ll be home later than usual tonight. I got a little held up in the office.
对不起，亲爱的，我今晚可能比平常要晚回家。我在办公室有点事耽搁了。
I’d love to see you for lunch on Friday but I may have to work. Can you pencil me in and I’ll get back to you?
我非常想在这周五和你一起吃午饭，但到时候我可能得工作。要不咱们先约上，我随后再给你确切回复，行吗？
Let’s try to pencil in a date for our holiday – we can always change it later!
我们先来暂时定一个度假的日期，以后是可以再改的！
We’ve penciled in a few possible dates for our staff training day, but we’ll have to see which is the most convenient for the team!
我们暂定了几个可能开展员工培训日的日期，但需要看看哪一天对团队来说最方便。
Do you want to check out that new restaurant? I haven't been before.
你想去试试那家新餐厅吗？我还没去过呢。
I checked out that new cinema last week. It was really good.
我上周去那家新电影院看电影了。那里很不错。
Come and check out my new flat. I think that you'll love it!
来我的新公寓看看吧，我觉得你会喜欢这里的！
As soon as we got the go-ahead we sprung into action and started work on the project.
我们一得到批准后就立刻行动起来，开始着手这个项目。
If you work as a security guard, you have to be ready to spring into action at any moment.
如果你是一名保安，那么就必须随时准备投入行动。
Snakes wait quietly and then spring into action when they see their prey.
蛇会静等猎物出现，然后猛然朝它攻击。
He’s utterly besotted with his new girlfriend – they’ve only been together for two months and he is planning to propose.
他被他的新女友迷得神魂颠倒。两个人才交往了两个月，他就打算求婚了。
Laura’s new puppy is so cute! I’m totally besotted with it!
劳拉的新宠物犬太可爱了！我完全被它迷住了！
I’m totally besotted with this new album from my favourite band – I’ve been playing it on a loop all week!
我一整周都在循环播放我最喜欢的乐队发布的这张新专辑，我完全被它迷住了。
They met at a New Year's Eve party and fell for each other immediately.
他们在一个新年聚会上相遇，一见钟情。
I think June has fallen for Wang Xiang – She's always finding excuses to spend time with him!
我觉得琼是爱上王翔了，她总是找借口和他在一起。
I don't think I could fall for someone that quickly. It always takes me a long time before I can get to know a person and really relax around them.
我想我不会那么快就喜欢上一个人。我需要花很长一段时间才能了解对方，并在这个人身边感到放松自如。
Even after all these years, my parents are still the most loved-up couple I know. It's very sweet to see.
即使过了这么多年，我爸妈还是我见过的最恩爱的夫妻。看着特别甜蜜。
It's strange seeing Raul so loved up! He's usually so private and reserved, but he can't stop talking his new girlfriend.
看到拉乌尔爱得这么甜蜜，真是不习惯！他平时很注重隐私，也很保守，但现在他总是在滔滔不绝地讲关于他新女友的事。
They used to be totally loved up! It's sad that they couldn't solve their problems and stay together.
他们曾经相亲相爱！很可惜，因为没能解决彼此之间的问题而分开了。
I feel much better now I've ended it with Gary.
和加里分手之后，我的心情好多了。
If you don't really love her, then you should end it.
如果你不是真的爱她，那就应该结束这段感情。
A: What's up? You look down.
B: Emma ended it with me last week and I don't know what to do!
“你有什么事吗？你看起来闷闷不乐的。”
“艾玛上星期和我分手了，我不知道该怎么办才好！”
My son used to go out and party all the time. It was such a worry! I’m happy he’s finally settled down with a nice girl.
我儿子过去就知道出去玩、聚会。真让人担心！我很高兴他现在终于和一个好女孩一起安定下来了。
I’m looking for a man I can settle down and spend my life with, but most men I meet don’t want to discuss commitment!
我想找一位能和我安定下来、共度一生的人，但我遇到的大多数男性都不愿作出承诺。
After seven years on the road she finally became tired of travelling. She found a husband and settled down to a nice life in the countryside.
出门在外七年的她终于对四处奔波感到了厌烦。她嫁了人，在郊外过着安定舒适的生活。
After secondary school, my friends and I grew apart. I started work and they went to university, so we had less in common than we used to.
高中毕业以后，我和朋友们渐渐疏远了。我开始工作，他们上了大学，所以共同语言比以前少了。
After ten years of marriage, they split up – they had been growing apart for years.
结婚十年后，俩人分开了。他们多年来感情逐渐疏远。
Despite being deeply in love when they first met, Lucy and Matthew had started to grow apart – they had very different interests and spent time with different people.
尽管两人刚认识的时候爱得如胶似漆，但露西和马修的关系还是渐渐地疏远了。他们的兴趣非常不同，而且接触的人也不一样。
It sounds like you give your partner too much attention when he behaves badly. Try giving him the silent treatment for a while. He might change his ways!
你的另一半做错事的时候，你好像太过在意了。试着一段时间不理他，说不定这样一来，他就会改变自己的做事方式。
Every time I try to resolve our differences you give me the silent treatment! It’s not fair!
每次我试图解决我们之间的分歧时，你就沉默不语。这不公平！
My boyfriend has been giving me the silent treatment for days. The thing is I don’t know what I’ve done wrong!
我男朋友这几天一直对我不理不睬。问题是我不知道自己做错了什么！
I feel ready to move on now and think about the future – I think I'm finally getting over my ex.
我准备好了要向前看，想想未来的事。我觉得我终于可以忘掉前任了。
I really want to ask Sophia out for dinner, but I don’t think she has got over her ex-boyfriend yet. They only split up a month ago.
我很想约索菲娅出去吃晚饭，但我觉得她还没忘掉前男友。他们上个月才分手。
My friends are taking me out for dinner tonight. I don't feel like going out but they are trying to help me get over James.
我朋友今晚要带我出去吃饭。我不想去，但我知道他们是想帮我忘掉詹姆斯。
A: I saw you with Natalia at the cinema last night.
B: Yes, we're seeing each other now.
“我昨天晚上在电影院看到你和纳塔丽娅在一起。”
“对，我们正在交往。”
Back in 2010, I was seeing Matt. We broke up soon after, though.
2010 年那会儿，我正和马特交往。不过，在那之后我们很快就分手了。
I heard you’re going out with Li Bing now. How long have you been seeing each other?
我听说你在和李冰交往。你们交往多久了？
Ben wasn't sure if he should ask Charlotte out. He really liked her, but he wasn't sure how she felt about him.
本不知道是不是应该约夏洛特出去。他很喜欢她，但不确定她对自己有没有感觉。
After months of spending time together, I finally asked Lee out. And he said yes! We're going for dinner on Friday.
相处了几个月之后，我终于鼓起勇气约李出去。他答应了！我们星期五要一起去吃晚饭。
A: What's the best way of asking someone out?
B: Maybe face to face is better, but texting is less embarrassing if they say no!
“约人出去最好的方式是什么？”
“可能面对面说比较好吧，但考虑到对方有可能拒绝你，发短信就不会那么尴尬。”
Spring Festival is a time when people often pig out.
春节期间人们通常大吃特吃。
My friend and I went to an all-you-can-eat buffet and pigged out!
我和朋友去自助餐厅猛吃了一顿！
When Nicole’s boyfriend left her, she pigged out on ice cream to comfort herself.
妮可的男朋友离开她之后，她就通过狂吃冰淇淋来安慰自己。
Paul had started to hate his job, so he changed career path – now he’s as happy as a pig in muck.
保罗开始讨厌起自己的工作，所以他改变了职业道路。现在他特别开心。
Noah loved his birthday – surrounded by his family, friends and lots of presents, he was like a pig in muck.
诺亚非常喜欢今年的生日，因为有家人和朋友陪伴，而且还收到了很多礼物。他开心得不得了。
On her day off, sat enjoying a leisurely coffee and curled up with her favourite book, Alice was as happy as a pig in muck.
休假日，爱丽丝坐在那里慵懒地喝着咖啡，蜷卧着看她最喜爱的书，开心极了。
A: I know you’re mad at me, but we should try to work it out!
B: When pigs fly!
A：“我知道你在生我的气，但是我们得想办法解决问题！”
B：“那是不可能的事！”
A: I know Bob is stubborn, but he might change his mind eventually.
B: Yes, and pigs might fly!
A：“我知道鲍勃很固执，但他最终可能会改变主意的。”
B：“嘿，那怎么可能！”
Money will grow on trees when pigs fly!
要是天上能掉钱，那得等太阳从西边出来了才行！
I made a pig’s ear of the roast dinner – the potatoes burnt and the chicken was dry!
我把烤肉大餐给搞砸了：土豆烤焦了，鸡肉也干巴巴的。
I’ve had to restart this essay 10 times already – I keep making a pig’s ear of it!
这篇文章我已经重写了十遍了，可我总是写得一团糟。
I’m giving you one more chance, so don’t make a pig’s ear of it!
我再给你一次机会，这回你可别再搞砸了！
I don’t know why Sara makes New Year resolutions – she never sticks to them despite her good intentions.
我不明白莎拉为什么要制定新年决心，她从来都坚持不了，尽管她的出发点是好的。
Although Lee was finding the project difficult, he was determined to stick with it.
尽管李发现这个项目很难，但他还是下决心坚持做下去。
If you promised your mother you would pick her up from the airport, you have to stick to it!
如果你答应你妈妈去机场接她，你就得遵守承诺！
You'll love playing hockey – why don't you give it a go?
你会爱上曲棍球的。为什么不试一试呢？
I had a go at skateboarding last year – it's definitely not for me!
我去年试着玩滑板，但这个运动真的不适合我！
I don't know if I'll enjoy the photography course, but I'll give it a go.
我不知道会不会喜欢这个摄影课，不过我会去试着听一听的。
I've just taken up swimming. I want to get fit.
我最近刚开始学游泳。我想健身。
If you're lonely, you should try taking up a new hobby – you could meet a lot of new people.
如果你感到孤独，你应该尝试培养一项新的爱好。这样你可以认识很多新的朋友。
I've taken up dancing lessons – they're great fun!
我开始上舞蹈课了，特别有意思！
I don't feel like cooking tonight – shall we order a takeaway and eat in front of the TV?
我今天晚上不想做饭了。咱们叫外卖，然后边看电视边吃吧？
I'm going to order a takeaway from that new Indian restaurant. Do you want anything?
我准备从那家新开的印度餐馆订一份外卖。你要什么吗？
I'm going to try and order fewer takeaways this week. I need to start saving money.
这星期我准备少叫几次外卖。我需要省省钱了。
A: Do you want that to eat in or take away?
B: Take away, please.
“您想在这吃还是带走？”
“带走。”
When I get a pizza I prefer eating in. When I get it to take away, it's always cold by the time I get home.
我买完披萨喜欢在店里吃。每次带走吃，到家以后披萨都凉了。
Many restaurants charge extra to eat in, so it can be much more economical to take away.
很多餐馆会额外收取堂食费，所以带走吃更划算。
This milk smells a bit funny - I think it’s gone off.
这牛奶闻起来有怪味。我觉得它变质了。
Food that is not stored in the fridge will go off more quickly.
没有存放在冰箱里的食物变质得更快。
Don’t eat that bread - it’s gone off! Look, it’s green on the outside.
别吃这个面包，已经发霉了。看，上面都变绿了。
I'm free this afternoon. Do you want to have a look around the shops?
我今天下午没事。你想一起去逛逛商店吗？
I'm moving to a new area next week. I need to have a look around to see what's there.
我下周要搬到一个新地方去。我得看看那里都有什么。
This is the flat for rent. Come in and have a look around.
这是要出租的公寓。进来看看。
I met up with my old school friends last week.
上周我和老同学们一起见了个面。
It was good to meet up with everyone who had worked on the project.
能见到参与这个项目的每个人真是太好了。
I haven't seen you for ages! We should meet up with each other soon.
我好久都没见到你了！我们可得快点碰碰面。
He hadn't been to the gym for a few months and was out of shape.
因为他有好几个月都没去健身房锻炼了，所以身材走形了。
She got out of shape when she stopped walking to work.
自从她不再走路上班以来，身材就有点走形了。
I'm really out of shape. I should go on a diet.
我真的有点胖。我得减肥了。
I'm so hungry after doing exercise in the evening that I always wolf down my dinner.
我晚上锻炼之后特别饿，所以吃饭总是狼吞虎咽的。
Wow, that cake must have been good – you wolfed it down in seconds!
哇！那块蛋糕肯定好吃极了，你几秒钟就把它都吃掉了。
I wolfed my breakfast down as fast as I could and then quickly ran to school.
我三下五除二地吃完早餐，然后飞快地向学校跑去。
Can we quickly go over these figures before the presentation? Let’s check the numbers are all correct.
我们能在演讲之前快速地过一下这些数字吗？检查一下所有的数字都是准确无误的。
OK, class, please remember to go over my lecture notes before your exam tomorrow. All the questions will be based on what we discussed today.
好了，同学们。别忘了在明天考试前重新温习一下我的讲义。所有试题都是根据今天我们讨论过的内容出的。
The architect is coming to go over the plans for the new building one more time before we all agree.
在我们达成一致之前，建筑师要过来再检查一遍新楼的设计方案。
That was the fastest she'd ever run – she set a new personal best!
这是她跑得最快的一次，创下了一个新的个人最好成绩！
The time in the gym helped her to be able to set a new personal best time in the pool. It was the fastest that she had ever swam.
她坚持在健身房训练，得以创下了个人游泳速度的最佳成绩。这是她游得最快的一次。
He loves trying to lift heavier weights at the gym, his personal best is 100kg.
他很喜欢在健身房里举重，他的个人最好成绩是100公斤。
Wow, that exam is soon. I really need to hit the books if I'm going to pass.
哇，那门考试就要到了。我要是想通过，那就真得开始用功学了。
She's a really good student. She's hit the books every night since the course started.
她是一名很优秀的学生。从课程开始以来，她每晚都用功学习。
All I can think about is passing this course so I'd better hit the books all weekend.
我满脑子想的就是要通过这门课，所以我最好整个周末都用功读书。
My sister is always doing strange things! She’s as mad as a hatter!
我的妹妹总做奇怪的事！她疯疯癫癫的。
I spoke to my grandfather for ten minutes but I didn’t really understand what he was saying. He’s as mad as a hatter!
我和祖父聊了十分钟，但我没搞明白他都说了些什么。他真古怪！
He wants to build a plastic car and drive around the world! Talk about being as mad as a hatter!
他想建造一辆塑料车，开着它环游世界！他真够疯狂的。
His voice just rubs me up the wrong way – it's so annoying.
他的嗓音听着就让我很生气，实在太烦人了。
My boss keeps pretending to be friendly. It really rubs me up the wrong way.
我上司总是假装很友好。这让我特别生气。
She never stops asking me questions and it just rubs me up the wrong way.
她老是问我问题，这可把我惹火了。
My brother never liked working in a conventional job. He’s tried everything! He’s always danced to the beat of his own drum.
我哥哥一向不喜欢朝九晚五、循规蹈矩的工作。他什么工作都尝试过！他总是跟着自己的节拍走，特立独行。
Look, I respect the fact that you like to dance to the beat of your own drum but, just this once, could you please do what I’m asking?
我尊重你做事有自己的一套方法，但是就这一次，你能照我的要求做吗？
Our neighbour, Sarah, is 85 and wears a purple tutu. She’s such a unique character! She always dances to the beat of her own drum.
我们的邻居莎拉八十五岁了，她穿一件紫色的芭蕾舞裙，实在太有性格了！她一直以来都我行我素。
She had learnt her presentation off by heart; she didn't look at her notes once!
她把这次演讲要说的话都背下来了，她一次也没看准备的笔记！
I had to learn poems by heart at school; I can still recite them now.
我上学那会儿要背诗，到现在我还能背下来呢。
Actors have to learn all their words by heart, so that they can remember them during a performance.
演员得牢牢记住台词，这样他们才能在表演时记住要说什么。
If you try to pull an all-nighter the day before your exam, you'll be too tired to get a good mark.
如果你在考试前一天开夜车的话，考试的时候就会疲惫不堪，从而拿不到好成绩。
Sorry if I look tired, I had to pull an all-nighter to get my assignment finished before the deadline.
不好意思，我看起来很累。为了赶在截止时间之前完成作业，我熬了个通宵。
I didn't need much sleep when I was a student – I used to pull all-nighters studying all the time!
当我还是学生的时候，我并不需要很多睡眠。我常常一学就是一整夜！
Keep going - you can do it! Push yourself just a little bit more – you’re almost at the finishing line!
加油，你能做到的！再努一把力，你马上就要到终点了！
Lewis hates the gym, but the doctor told him he needs to exercise more, so he’s pushing himself to go three times a week.
路易斯很讨厌去健身房，但医生说他需要多锻炼身体，所以他逼着自己每周去三次。
I’m very shy and I hate meeting new people, but I’m going to a party tonight. It’s good to push yourself to do things that are difficult sometimes.
我很内向，也不善于结识陌生人，但我今晚准备去参加一个聚会。偶尔逼自己走出舒适区挑战困难其实是件好事。
Susan can’t come out with us tonight because she needs to cram for the maths test tomorrow morning. She hasn’t even started yet!
苏珊今晚来不了了，因为她得为明天早上的数学测验临阵磨枪。她还没开始复习呢！
Why do you always leave studying until the last minute, Joe? You hate cramming! It stresses you out and then you do badly. You never learn, do you?
你为什么总是到最后关头才开始学习呢，乔？你又特别不擅长临时抱佛脚！弄得精神紧张，结果成绩一塌糊涂。但你就是不长记性，是不是？
I need to start preparing for exams weeks in advance to do well, but my brother has always been able to cram and get a great mark! It’s so annoying!
为了能考出好成绩，我提前好久就开始复习备考，但我弟弟总是能靠临时抱佛脚，拿高分！真气人！
She liked to work out in the gym after work.
她喜欢下班后去健身房锻炼身体。
He wanted to lose weight so he started working out.
他想要减重，所以开始锻炼身体了。
I'm always tired after I work out.
每次锻炼后我都精疲力竭。
The boss will tell you his honest opinion of your new business proposal. He calls a spade a spade!
上司会告诉你他对这份新商业提案的真实想法。他从来都是直言不讳！
A: I told them directly – I don’t want to go to the meeting because I think it’s a waste of time!
B: Wow! You really call a spade a spade!
“我很直接地告诉他们：我不想去开这个会，因为我认为这是浪费时间！”
“哇，你可真是有什么说什么啊！”
Why don’t we call a spade a spade? You have money and I need to borrow some!
为什么我们不有话直说呢？你有钱，我正好需要借钱。
You can’t have a stable office job whilst being a world traveller. You’re trying to square the circle!
想在做一名环游世界旅行者的同时有一份稳定的工作是非常困难的。你这是在做不可能的事。
I want to get married but I also want to be single! I think I might be trying to square the circle here.
我既想结婚，又想要单身！我觉得这简直是像化圆成方一样困难。
He wanted a new, fast sports car at a low price! I told him he was trying to square a circle!
他想以低价购买一辆又新又快的跑车。我告诉他这是不可能的！
I’m not sure that Tim is suitable for this job – it seems like he can be trusted, but he has a chequered past.
我不确定蒂姆是否适合这份工作，他似乎可以让人信赖，但他的过去可是好坏参半。
The famous singer is working hard for many good causes – the environment, poor children, and refugees. Maybe he hopes everyone will forget about his chequered past.
这位著名歌手在为包括环境、贫困儿童和难民等许多公益事业而努力工作。也许他这么做是为了让人们忘掉他好坏参半的过去吧。
As a result of his chequered past, he has found it difficult to persuade the bank to lend him the money he needs to set up his business.
由于他过去的经有好有坏，所以他发现自己很难说服银行给他贷款创业。
Nigel is a very dedicated son. He makes sure that his elderly mother wants for nothing and that she is very well taken care of.
奈吉尔是一个尽心尽力的儿子。他确保已经年迈的母亲在生活上什么也不缺，而且受到无微不至的照顾。
Even though we were never rich, my parents made sure that my siblings and I wanted for nothing when we were growing up. We were very lucky.
即使我们生活从不富裕，但父母还是确保我和兄弟姐妹们从小到大什么也不缺。我们很幸运。
Pluto is the happiest dog I’ve ever met. His owner loves him so much she even gives him roast chicken for dinner! He wants for nothing!
布鲁托是我见过的最开心的一条狗。狗主人非常爱它，她甚至给它做烤鸡肉当晚饭。它真是要什么有什么！
He didn’t think he would be interested in fish, but Rob found the trip to the aquarium a real eye-opener. He was particularly fascinated by the huge octopus!
罗布本来面对鱼类不感兴趣，但去水族馆游玩的经历让他大开眼界。他尤其对巨大的章鱼非常着迷！
That meeting with the finance team was an eye-opener, wasn’t it? I had no idea the company was doing so badly!
和财务部的那次会议真让人无比惊讶，是不是？我根本没想到公司的经营状况这么差！
I had coffee with my colleague, Elizabeth, yesterday and our conversation was a complete eye-opener. She and her husband are getting a divorce, but she’s always smiling and happy when she’s at work. I had no idea.
我昨天和同事伊丽莎白一起喝咖啡，我们俩之间的对话让我着实感到惊讶。她和丈夫要离婚了，但她在工作时却总是面带微笑，看起来很开心。我根本没察觉出她正经历的情感问题。
My older brother and I used to fight like cat and dog when we were younger. We argued all the time.
我和我哥哥小的时候吵得很厉害，一天到晚吵个不停。
We can't let them work together; they just fight like cat and dog. They never agree on anything.
我们不能让他俩一起工作，不然他们会一直吵个不停的。这两个人从来没有在任何事上达成一致。
The two students didn’t like each other– they were always fighting like cat and dog. Their arguments disturbed the other students, so they were often asked to leave their class by the teacher.
那两个学生彼此看不上眼，总吵个不停。他们的争吵影响到了其他学生，所以老师经常把他俩请出教室。
I thought I’d left the house unlocked, but I called my neighbour and they checked the front door for me. I had locked it after all! Crisis averted.
我以为出门的时候没锁门，给邻居打电话请他们帮我看看，原来大门是锁着的！危机解除！
Crisis averted! Michelle didn’t lose her handbag, she just left it at work. She was so worried when she couldn’t find it anywhere!
危机已解除！米歇尔没有弄丢她的手提包，她只是把它落在办公室了。当时她非常担心，因为到处找都没找到！
The planes were flying directly towards each other until the traffic controller changed their flight paths and avoided a terrible accident. ‘Crisis averted!’ he said to his colleague.
几架飞机原本正直冲着彼此飞去，直到交通指挥员改变了它们的航向才避免了惨剧的发生。“危机解除！” 他对同事说。
I thought Mark would always be by my side, but I realised he was really just a fair-weather friend. When I needed his support, he wasn’t there.
我以为马克会一直陪在我身旁，但我意识到他其实只是个酒肉朋友。在我需要他的帮助时，他却不见了踪影。
When it becomes clear that someone is a fair-weather friend, you should walk away from the friendship. They will only disappoint you when you need them.
当你发现某人肯定不会与你共患难的时候，就应该放弃这段友谊。因为他们只会在你需要帮助的时候让你失望。
I went through a difficult time last year. It made me realise who my real friends were and who were only fair-weather friends.
去年我经历了一段很困难的时期。这让我意识到究竟谁才是我真正的朋友，而谁却只是酒肉朋友。
Louise is in clover for the rest of her life now! She has inherited a lot from her wealthy grandmother and she’ll probably never need to work again.
路易斯从此可要过上优裕的生活了！她从富有的祖母那里继承了一大笔财产，她可能再也不用工作了。
My father hasn’t saved a lot of money during his career, so when he retires he won't exactly be in clover.
我父亲在职时没有存下什么钱，所以他退休后的生活并不会非常富裕。
With the new contract he won for the company and his subsequent promotion, Vincent is in clover. Have you seen the big new car he’s just bought?
文森特给公司签了一个大合同，紧接着就升职，这下他可以过上好日子了。你看到他刚买的新车了吗？
My boss travels abroad all the time, but criticises me for wanting to take too many holidays! A clear case of the pot calling the kettle black!
我上司总去世界各地旅游，但他却批评我请假太多！真是五十步笑百步！
She accused her brother of being lazy, but she spends all day sitting on the sofa watching TV. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black!
她指责弟弟为人懒散，但自己却成天坐在沙发上看电视。真是五十步笑百步！
Don’t tell me I should stop smoking when you smoke, too! That’s the pot calling the kettle black!
你自己明明就抽烟，就不要叫我戒烟了！咱们俩其实是半斤八两！
She’s been staying late in the office recently because she has trained her sights on getting a promotion.
最近她一直在办公室加班到很晚，这是因为她已决心要升职。
After the team’s greatest rivals beat them to the trophy, their coach trained his sights on winning it back.
在这支队伍最强的对手把他们打败并赢得了奖杯之后，他们的教练就下决心要把它赢回来。
He trained his sights on losing weight over the summer. That’s why he started a diet and joined the gym.
他立志要在这个夏天减肥。这就是他开始新的饮食方法以及加入健身房的原因。
Our new product will be a huge success and will ensure we are streets ahead of our competitors.
我们的新产品会取得巨大的成功，并将确保我们遥遥领先于竞争对手。
The football team was streets ahead of its rivals. They did not lose a single game in the league.
这支足球队比他们的对手水平高多了。他们在联赛中一场球也没输过。
Tom is streets ahead of other students. He is just so smart!
汤姆比其他学生要优秀得多。他实在是太聪明了！
Keep it simple when teaching grammar! If you over-egg the pudding with too much information, your students will not understand.
教语法的时候要简单明了！如果过分地填鸭大量的信息，你的学生们就没法理解你所讲的内容。
I believed you at first, but you’ve over-egged the pudding now! I know you’ve been working a lot lately, but it can’t be true that you worked 22 hours yesterday!
我一开始是相信你的，但你说得太夸张了！我知道你最近工作很辛苦，但你昨天不可能工作了22小时！
This soup tasted really boring before so I added some spices, but I think I’ve over-egged the pudding. There are too many flavours now!
这汤本来淡而无味，所以我放了一点香料，但我画蛇添足地加多了。现在这汤味道太杂了！
Rose is such a fun girl! She’s always the life and soul of the party – everyone enjoys her company.
罗丝真是个有意思的姑娘！她总是社交活动中的焦点，大家都喜欢和她待在一起。
I was worried about introducing my new boyfriend to my friends over dinner, but it went really well! He was the life and soul of the party and got on with everyone.
我本来很担心要借吃饭的机会把新男友介绍给我的朋友们，但没想到很成功！他成了众人中的焦点，和所有人都处得很好。
I wish my brother didn’t always have to be the life and soul of the party! It was my birthday but everyone paid attention to him.
我多希望我弟弟不要总是想成为受众人瞩目的焦点！那天是我过生日，但所有人的注意力都在他身上。
Our teacher gave us the third degree for being late to class.
我们的老师严厉地盘问了我们上课迟到的原因。
My husband gave me the third degree because I missed his phone calls.
因为我没接到我丈夫的电话而被他严厉盘问。
My grandmother always gives my new girlfriend the third degree.
我奶奶总是对我的新女友一番盘问。
You need to knuckle down if you want to finish this project in time.
如果你想按时完成这项计划，就得加把劲努力工作了。
After the break, everyone knuckled down to prepare for their exams.
在短暂的休息后，所有人都开始用功学习，准备考试。
If we don't knuckle down, the boss is going to be very unhappy.
如果我们不开始努力工作的话， 老板会很不高兴的。
There's a new manager in the hot seat today.
新来的经理面临着重大而艰难的局面。
His parents asked him lots of questions to see if he was telling the truth. They really put him in the hot seat.
他父母为了弄清他是不是在说实话，问了他很多问题。他真的麻烦大了。
The teacher put the student in the hot seat, asking her questions to see how much she could remember.
这个老师为了测试这名学生记住了多少知识，问了她很多问题，这使学生倍感压力。
She blows hot and cold; I am not sure she's that into me.
她对我忽冷忽热，我不确定她到底喜不喜欢我。
You keep blowing hot and cold about going on holiday, but we need to book the tickets soon.
你一直对去度假的事情忽冷忽热的，但我们马上就得订票了。
The manager keeps blowing hot and cold on whether to hire new staff.
这个经理总是对招聘新职员这事摇摆不定的，下不了决心。
My father and brother locked horns last night over whether my brother could use the car!
我爸爸和哥哥昨晚为哥哥能不能开这辆车的事争论不休。
The company executives are locking horns over the direction the company should take next year.
这家公司的行政主管们为了公司明年的发展方向而争执不休。
When I was younger, I always locked horns with my mother about eating spinach! I hated it, and she always insisted I finish it.
我小时候总是因为吃菠菜的事和妈妈发生争执！我特别讨厌菠菜，但她总是执意让我吃完。
Talk of the devil; we were just talking about you.
说曹操，曹操就到！我们正说你呢。
I can't believe Tom's leaving!  Speak of the devil, here comes Tom.
真不敢相信汤姆要走了！说他，他就到了。汤姆来了。
Kun broke up from his girlfriend – talk of the devil. Here she is!  Have you been standing there for a long time?
琨和他女朋友分手了。说曹操，曹操就到。她在这里！你在这儿站很长时间了吗？
I hate to rain on your parade, but you’re not going home until you’ve finished that.
我不想煞风景，但是你完成这件事之前不准回家。
They had planned to go to the beach at the weekend, but the weather just rained on their parade.
他们原本计划这周末去海滩玩，但糟糕的天气让他们很扫兴 。
He was going to have a party on Friday, but his friends rained on his parade when they said that they were all busy.
他本想在周五开派对，但他的朋友们却泼了他一头冷水，都说太忙去不了。
You try to stay together with a partner you don’t love, but when reality bites, you’ll have to separate!
你试图和你不爱的另一半在一起，但当你不得不直面现实的时候，就得分手了！
After three years of wearing a hat, reality finally bit and I accepted that my hair had fallen out.
三年来我一直戴着帽子，但我终于勇敢接受头发掉光的现实。
Only after her relative’s funeral did reality truly bite. She finally accepted that no one could live forever.
在她参加了亲戚的葬礼后不得不直面现实，终于接受了没有人是会长生不老的事实。
No one knows where the story came from. The author's name is lost in the sands of time.
没人知道这则故事出自何人。作者的名字早已随着时间的流逝被人遗忘。
Even though I'm old, I feel great. The sands of time have been kind to me.
我虽已年迈，但感觉身体还不错。岁月对我很仁慈。
The sands of time had really left their mark on the building. It was starting to fall apart.
时光在这座建筑上留下了岁月的痕迹，它已经有了土崩瓦解的迹象。
Sorry, what did you say? I was away with the fairies. Would you mind saying it again?
不好意思，你说什么？刚刚我在开小差。你能再说一遍吗？
I'm not surprised you failed the test! You're always away with the fairies when you're in class!
你考试没通过，我一点也不惊讶！你上课的时候总是心不在焉的。
If you think you can finish all this paperwork before lunch, you're away with the fairies.
如果你觉得能在午饭前做完这些文书工作，那你也太异想天开了。
There were 15 people in our meeting this morning, all from different departments and each with different opinions. We didn’t manage to complete any of the tasks we had planned. Too many cooks spoil the broth!
今早的会议有15个人参加，他们都来自不同的部门，而且意见迥异。我们没有完成任何原本计划达成的目标。真是人多反倒误事！
Every member of the department was involved in the planning stage of the project. When it came to the execution of the plan, nobody had a clear idea of what they were supposed to do. It was a clear case of ‘too many cooks spoil the broth!’
全部门的人都参与了项目规划阶段。但到了该执行计划的时候，却没有一个人清楚应该做什么。这是个明显的 “人多误事” 的例子！
The children wanted to do a good science project together, but they could not agree on anything. Too many cooks spoil the broth!
孩子们本想一起好好做一个科学项目，但他们却无法在任何事情上达成一致。人多误事！
Mandy sees life through rose-tinted spectacles. Despite all the world’s problems, she believes that things can only get better.
曼蒂只能看到生活如意的一面。尽管世界存在种种问题，但她相信事情只会变得更好。
I loved working abroad for the first month, then I began to miss my family. It was a case of rose-tinted spectacles at the start.
到国外工作的第一个月我还很开心，自那之后我就开始想念家人了。这正是一个过于乐观看待问题的例子。
Your brother is happy with his new girlfriend, but once he stops seeing her through rose-tinted spectacles, he’ll realise that she’s not right for him.
你哥哥对他的新女友很满意，但一旦他不再戴着玫瑰色的眼镜看她，他就会意识到这个女生并不适合他。
No one wanted to talk about the disagreement - it was still too hot to handle.
没人想谈论那个分歧，因为当时的情况仍然很难处理。
He found driving his new sports car too hot to handle, so he sold it.
他觉得驾驶那辆新买的跑车太过冒险了，所以就把车卖掉了。
The new project was too hot to handle: no one wanted to take it on.
这个新项目既难解决又棘手，所以没人愿意接手。
After years of working hard and saving money, she has finally found her place in the sun.
经过多年的辛勤工作，外加省吃俭用攒钱，她终于迎来了更好的生活。
He had just been promoted and was now enjoying his place in the sun.
那时，他刚刚升职，正在体验新职位带给他的种种优势。
Once his book had become a best-seller, he could sit back and enjoy his place in the sun.
一旦他写的书登上畅销书排行榜，他就能放松地享受令人羡慕的生活了。
She was very happy to retire. She felt like she had been swimming upstream for years, commuting over two hours morning and evening to do a stressful, badly paid job she did not enjoy.
她很开心能退休。她感觉这些年来一直在艰苦求生，每天上下班要花两个多小时，而且工作压力大、工资低，她一点也不喜欢。
Few musicians have the courage to swim upstream nowadays - most prefer to follow trends and make music that is popular but not innovative.
如今，很少有音乐家有勇气迎难而上。大多数都顺应潮流，制作受欢迎但缺乏创新的音乐。
Although in the beginning it felt like he was swimming upstream, he persevered and managed to convince the shareholders to drop their resistance to his plans for restructuring the company.
虽然一开始他像是在逆流而上、孤军奋战，但他坚持不懈，终于说服了股东们不再反对他重建公司构架的计划。
Your face is all red. Did you catch the sun yesterday?
看你满脸通红的，是不是昨天被太阳晒到了？
I can see you've caught the sun. Did you go to the beach yesterday?
我能看出来你晒黑了。是不是昨天去海滩玩了？
I really caught the sun when I was working in the garden yesterday.
昨天我在花园里忙活的时候被太阳晒黑了。
After I got full marks in my test result, I was walking on sunshine!
我得知测试拿了满分之后，高兴得喜出望外。
They’ve just got married and gone on holiday so they’re really walking on sunshine right now!
他们新婚燕尔，去度蜜月了，所以两个人正是特别开心的时候。
You seem to be walking on sunshine. Do share!
你满脸喜气，说来听听。
September is usually chilly, but this year we are having an Indian summer.
九月通常比较冷了，但今年我们可是遇上了一个秋老虎。
This Indian summer means that I don’t even need to wear a coat yet.
今年的这个秋老虎意味着到现在还不用穿外套。
He enjoyed a real Indian summer in the last years of his career as a footballer - that’s when he won the most trophies.
他在过去的几年中迎来了自己足球事业的第二个春天，也是他获得奖杯数最多的日子。
My grandmother is very ill at the moment, so she’s lost her appetite. She’s skin and bones now.
我奶奶现在病的很严重，所以她没有胃口。她现在瘦得皮包骨头。
Many professional athletes have to work hard to keep weight on. They burn a lot of energy every day, so they have to be careful not to become skin and bones.
许多职业运动员必须注意保持体重。因为他们每天消耗很多能量，所以需要格外留意不能太瘦。
We found a dog on the street by our house. He had been abandoned and clearly hadn’t eaten in a long time. He was skin and bones!
我们在家门口的路上发现了一条狗。它被遗弃了，很明显好久没有吃东西了，瘦得皮包骨头。
Fish is really great brain food - it can improve brain functions, especially in children.
鱼是非常好的健脑食品。它可以改善大脑功能，尤其对于儿童来说。
When I was taking exams, my mother would cook special dishes for me. She would say: "You need brain food so you can do your best in your exams".
每次我考试的时候，我妈妈就会给我做一些特别的饭菜。她说：“你需要吃健脑食物，这样才能考出最好成绩”。
Brain food will not replace hard work! You can eat lots of fruits and vegetables, but you still have to study if you want to learn.
健脑食品无法取代刻苦努力的学习。你固然可以吃大量的水果和蔬菜，但仍需要学习才能进步。
I have no appetite for yet another superhero film! It seems like a new one comes out every month, and I’m more interested in other types of movies.
我对新上映的又一部超级英雄电影一点都不敢兴趣！似乎每个月都会有部超级英雄电影上映。我对其它类型的电影更感兴趣。
Michelle didn’t come to the conference. She had no appetite for long presentations and making small talk with strangers.
米歇尔没来参加大会。她不喜欢听长时间的演讲报告，也没兴趣和陌生人闲聊。
My son eats most foods, but he has no appetite for spinach. He thinks the flavour is too strong.
我儿子基本什么都吃，但就是不吃菠菜。他说菠菜的味道太重了。
A pop star, who fell from grace, now works as singer at a theme park.
一位歌星误入歧途，失去人心，所以现在在一家主题公园里当歌手。
The actor's fall from grace was due to his foul mouth and poor timekeeping.
那位演员不再受人爱戴的原因是他满口脏话而且还总迟到。
When news of her cheating became public, she quickly fell from grace.
当她作弊的消息公开后，很快她的名声就一落千丈。
The speeding car nearly hit him! What a narrow escape!
那辆超速的汽车差点撞到他。真是死里逃生！
As soon as I got home it started to rain outside – it was a narrow escape!
我刚进家门就开始下雨了。真实侥幸逃过“一劫”。
I had a narrow escape by leaving my job – the company I had just left went bankrupt!
我离开我的工作是险些躲过一劫，因为我刚走公司就破产了。
I reminded him three times that the homework assignment was due but it fell on deaf ears. Now he’s failed!
我提醒了他三次该交家庭作业了，但他当耳旁风，置之不理。这不，他考试不及格。
I’ve tried to negotiate a better price with the salesman, but my words always seem to fall on deaf ears!
我想试着和推销人员搞一个更好的价格，但对我的话他们总是不予理睬。
The workers’ demands for a pay rise fell on deaf ears. The managers just weren’t interested.
工人们要求加薪的请求被置若罔闻。经理们压根就不关注这个问题。
My teacher really likes the sound of his own voice. He talks and talks and talks, and he doesn’t realise that the whole class is bored.
我的老师喜欢听自己讲话，一直不停的说他想说的，根本没有意识到全班同学都感到很无聊。
I have a colleague who really likes the sound of her own voice. She dominates every meeting and thinks she’s the only one who knows anything.
我有个同事特以自我为中心。每次开会都专横跋扈，总觉得只有她无所不知。
William is a good friend. He likes the sound of his own voice, but he can listen when he needs to.
威廉是我的好朋友。虽然他经常喋喋不休，但在必要时他也能做一位好的倾听者。
I've had my car for years. It's definitely seen better days.
我的车开了好多年了，现在已经非常破旧了。
Your bag's seen better days. You should get a new one.
你的包很旧了，应该买新的了。
My garden has seen better days. It's turning into a jungle.
我的花园以前郁郁葱葱，蜂飞蝶舞，但现在乱七八糟，杂草丛生。
I’ve been looking for a new rucksack for ages, but I think I’ve finally found it! This one is perfect, it ticks all my boxes.
我一直想买个新的双肩包，找了很久，终于找到了。这个包简直完美，满足了我的所有需求。
I absolutely love my new job! It’s challenging, it’s fun, I like my colleagues and I make good money. It ticks all the boxes!
我太喜欢我的新工作了！既有挑战性，又有趣；同事们很友善，工资也不差。这个工作真的是符合所有的条件，让我心满意足！
That applicant's interview didn't go so well; it didn't tick any of my boxes.
那位应聘者面试做的不太好，没能达到我要求的标准。
Keep your wits about you when driving on this stretch of road – it’s narrow and winding.
在这条狭窄、曲折的路上开车要多加留意。
You have to keep your wits about you when riding a bike in the city! The roads are busy and unpredictable!
在市区里骑自行车一定要保持头脑清醒，因为路面车多，路况复杂。
Keep your wits about you when you go out after dark – don’t go anywhere dangerous!
天黑后外出要提高警觉，不要去危险的地方。
I was really keen on going camping this summer, but that idea has fallen by the wayside.
我原本非常想今年夏天去野营，但这个想法被搁置了。
Lots of new businesses started up, but most of them have now fallen by the wayside.
当时展开了很多新业务，但现在大多数都已经不再做了。
She kept up with people at the start of the race, but then started to fall by the wayside after a few kilometres.
在比赛一开始的时候，她紧跟第一方阵，但在几公里后，她就被甩在后面了。
The newspaper article named and shamed celebrities who are not paying their taxes.
报纸上的那篇文章公开指责了那些不纳税的名人。
The manager has decided to name and shame the tardiest team members.
经理决定点名批评团队中工作又懒又慢的成员。
The club plans to name and shame members who do not pay their membership fees on time.
那家俱乐部点名批评了不按时缴会费的会员。
Mark looks exactly like his dad – he’s a chip off the old block.
马克太像他爸爸了，简直就是一个模子里刻出来的。
Jane's a chip off the old block. She talks just like her mother.
简完全随了她妈妈，她俩说话的神态一模一样。
Dan's the same as his dad in every way possible. He's a chip off the old block.
丹酷似他爸爸。从长相、体形到性格都非常相像。
The lecture was really interesting! It gave me a lot of food for thought.
这堂课真的很有意思，给我留下了很多值得思考的问题。
Here’s some food for thought – would you like to live in a world without cars?
这个问题可能会引你深思：你愿意生活在一个没有汽车的世界里吗？
Now that I have finished university I need to choose a career path! There are so many options that I have a lot of food for thought.
我大学毕业了，面临择业，但选择很多，所以我需要好好思考思考。
This new equipment will give me the upper hand.
这套新设备能给我带来优势。
The company gained the upper hand by buying its competitors.
那家公司通过收购竞争对手而获得了优势。
The home team gained the upper hand when an opposition player was sent off.
主场球队在一名客场球员被罚下后占据了绝对上风。
Our competitors are trying to steal our customers. We are going to have to fight fire with fire and steal some of theirs.
我们的竞争对手试图挖走我们的顾客。我们得以其人之道还治其人之身，也去他们那里挖客户过来。
After her competitors criticised her business approach, she decided to fight fire with fire and go public with her own criticisms of them.
在竞争对手们批判了她的商业模式之后，她决定以牙还牙，继而公开谈论了她对这些人的看法。
The only way he could beat his opponent was to fight fire with fire and be equally aggressive.
他要想打败对手，唯一的方法就是以牙还牙，和对方一样大胆进攻。
I know that revising for exams is boring but they will be finished soon. You need to steady yourself and make sure you keep working hard!
我知道复习考试很无聊，但是考试很快就会结束的。你需要稳住自己，继续坚持努力学习。
This is the last part of the hike now and it will be difficult. Let’s take a break to steady ourselves and then keep going.
这是本次徒步的最后一程了，将会比较困难。咱们休息一会儿，稳住步伐，然后再继续前行。
You’ve been working too hard on this project. Get some sleep, steady yourself and come back fresh tomorrow.
你为了这个项目一直辛苦地工作。好好睡一觉，放松休息一下，明天再精力充沛地回来继续工作。
After the fire, it took weeks to get back to business as usual.
那场大火后，过了很久一切才恢复正常。
Even though we are under new management, it's business as usual.
虽然我们现由新的管理人员领导，但一切照常进行。
We'll need to make a few changes when the new regulations come in, but otherwise it's business as usual.
在新规定出台时，我们需要做一些改变，但除此之外，一切还是照常进行。
The CEO should treat all the executives fairly, not just his own flesh and blood.
那位首席执行官应公平地对待所有主管，而不仅仅是他自己的血肉。
Even though the striker was her own flesh and blood, the coach picked her players on merit.
尽管球队的前锋是这位教练自己的血肉，但教练还是根据个人能力挑选了她的队员。
The parents were surprised and upset that their flesh and blood would steal money from them.
当他们得知自己的亲生骨肉从他们这里偷了钱时，这对父母既惊讶又愤怒。
Eating out with clients is a good way to mix business with pleasure.
和客户去吃饭是一种寓商于乐的好方法。
My colleagues probably think I'm unfriendly, but it's just that I don't like to mix business with pleasure.
我的同事们可能觉得我这人不太友好，但我只是不喜欢把工作和娱乐搅在一起罢了。
I won't be coming to the staff cricket match – I prefer not to mix business with pleasure.
我不准备去参加这次员工板球比赛 — 我不喜欢把工作和娱乐混为一谈。
Don’t worry! I keep my money in the bank where it’s as safe as houses.
别担心！我的钱存在银行里，那里是绝对安全的。
The children are all sleeping peacefully in bed. They’re as safe as houses!
孩子们都睡安稳了。他们很安全。
It says on the company website that investing in their stocks is as safe as houses!
这个公司的官网称，投资他们的股票没有风险，非常安全。
Right, now that everyone has met, let's get down to business.
好了，现在大家都互相认识了，我们就进入正题吧。
OK, we have a lot to get through in today's meeting so we should get down to business.
好了，在今天的这个会议里我们要谈很多事情，所以我们就直接讨论正题吧。
Before we get down to business, I want to find out who's coming to the meal on Saturday.
在讨论正事前，我想先问问谁会参加这周六的聚餐活动。
I could tell I'd touched a nerve when I asked Chen about her mother.
当我问及小陈她妈妈的时候，看得出来我触及到了她的痛处。
The article I wrote on exercising seems to have touched a nerve with the readers. We've been getting lots of complaints.
我写的那篇有关锻炼的文章似乎触到了读者们的痛处。我们陆续收到了很多投诉。
Don't worry! I know you didn't mean to upset Clare. I think you just touched a nerve when you commented on her cooking.
别担心！我知道你当时并不是故意要让克莱尔生气的。我觉得你只是在评论她的厨艺时戳到了她的痛处而已。
I wanted to become a journalist, so I applied for an internship with our local newspaper so I could get my foot in the door.
我想要成为一名记者，所以我就申请了一份当地报纸的实习机会，以踏入这个领域的大门。
If only I could get my foot in the door! I know I have what it takes to become a successful singer.
要是我能迈出第一步就好了！我知道自己拥有成为一名成功歌手的能力。
Although the pay was low, he accepted the job because it allowed him to get his foot in the door.
虽然薪水很低，但他还是接受了这份工作，因为这份工作能帮他先迈进此领域的门槛。
Enjoy being footloose and fancy-free while you can, young man. As you grow older, you will have responsibilities.
年轻人，尽情享受无拘无束的日子吧！随着年龄的增长，你则需要担负起责任。
Now that she’s left her stressful job, she’s footloose and fancy free!
她已辞去了那份压力很大的工作，现在无牵无挂、自由自在！
After they got married and had a family, they couldn’t travel as much as they used to! They were no longer footloose and fancy-free.
他们结婚生子后，不能像以前那样总是去旅游了。他们不再无拘无束、逍遥自在了。
When I found out that the company was losing money, I jumped ship and found a new job.
当我发现那家公司正在赔钱时我就辞职不干了，去找了一份新工作。
I know it’s been a really tough year – but please don’t jump ship yet. We’ll get through this together as a team.
我知道今年很不容易，但请大家先别离开。作为一个团队，我们会一起渡过难关的。
After losing four matches in a row, several of the players jumped ship and joined other teams.
在连输四场比赛后，好几名队员离开去了其它球队。
The manager wanted to let her staff go home early, but her hands were tied.
虽然经理想让她的员工早点回家，但是她权力有限，不能自作主张。
I'd love to spend more money on this but I don't control the budget. I'm afraid my hands are tied.
我愿意在这上面多花点钱，但预算不归我负责。所以在这件事上，我身不由己。
I'm sorry but my hands are tied. I can't give any refunds without a receipt.
很抱歉但我无能为力。在没有收据的情况下，我无法给您退款。
This is my favourite type of biscuit. It tickles my taste buds every time.
这是我最喜欢吃的饼干。吃它我都特别满足。
Try this! It’s absolutely delicious. It will tickle your taste buds!
尝一口！它的味道简直太好了，会挑动你的味蕾！
This is the best restaurant in the area. All of their food will definitely tickle your taste buds.
这家餐厅是这附近最好的一个。他们的所有菜品都非常美味可口，一定能让你大快朵颐。
If Emily wants to pass her exams, she needs to pull her finger out.
如果艾米丽想通过考试的话，那么她需要加紧复习了。
I'm really going to have to pull my finger out if I want to finish my thesis before Christmas.
如果我想在圣诞节前写完论文的话，那我真的得加把劲了。
You need to pull your finger out if you want to do well at your next review.
如果你想在下次评审中表现优异的话，那就得开始认真工作了。
Oscar Green is an excellent actor. He was in three films this year, and they all won awards. He must have the Midas touch!
奥斯卡·格林是一位出色的演员。今年他出演了三部电影，都获了奖。他一定是有“点石成金”的本领。
She definitely has the Midas touch, because every company she works for always makes a lot of money after she starts working there.
她真的是有做任何事都能赚大钱的能力，因为不论她为哪家公司工作，一旦上岗就能创下很高的收益。
Everyone thinks that she has the Midas touch, but I don’t think so. She has never been successful in any of her jobs.
所有人都认为她有点石成金的赚钱本领，但我并不这么认为。她在过去的工作中从来没有成功过。
My mother says my father’s plan to sail around the world in his retirement is just a pipe dream.
我母亲说，父亲想要在退休后扬帆出海、环游世界的计划只是白日做梦。
The marketing manager is very confident and insists that her plan to increase company sales by 150% is not a pipe dream.
市场部经理坚信她计划提升公司销售额150%的方案不是空想。
My brother’s laziness is evidence that his dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur is just a pipe dream.
我弟弟的懒惰足以证明，他想要成为成功企业家的黄粱美梦是行不通的。
After a full medical test yesterday I was given a clean bill of health, so I'm fit to be on the team this weekend.
我昨天接受了全面体检之后，医生给我开了身体健康的证明，所以我这周末就可以重新回到团队中去了。
All the beaches on the south coast have been given a clean bill of health this summer.
南海岸所有沙滩的环境今年夏天都已被认定为合格。
The company made improvements to its safety regulations and was given a clean bill of health.
该公司在改善了其安全规定后获得了合格运营证明书。
John: ‘I have to work longer hours in my new role, but I feel much more energised.’
Lisa: ‘Well, you know what they say – a change is as good as a rest.’
约翰：“和以前相比，这份新工作的上班时间更长，但我却更加精力充沛了。”
丽莎：“嗯，常言道：调换工作益如休息。”
Well, they say that a change is as good as a rest, so I'll do something different this afternoon.
人们常说，改变工作环境就如同休假一样，所以我今天下午要做些和以往不同的事。
I know that a change is as good as a rest, so I'm thinking of applying for a new role in my company.
我知道转换工作环境和休假一样对身心有益，所以我考虑在现公司申请一份新的工作。
The teacher caught everyone off guard when she suddenly announced that there would be a test.
老师突然通知大家要做课堂小测验，这可打了所有人个措手不及。
The government's decision to raise the interest rate caught everyone off guard - nobody expected it.
政府提升利率的决定令所有人猝不及防 — 没有人预料到这件事。
The news about the couple's engagement caught everyone off guard as everyone thought they had split up.
这对情侣的订婚消息让所有人感到措手不及，这是因为人们都以为他们已经分手了。
She never gets good advice, because she's surrounded by yes-men.
她从来得不到好的建议，这是因为她身边总是围绕着一群应声虫。
Don't just be a yes-man - tell me what you really think.
不要总是唯唯诺诺的，告诉我你真实的想法是什么。
I'm too outspoken for that job - they just want a yes-man who won't challenge them.
我这个人太坦率了，并不适合那个职位，他们只是想招聘不会提出任何异议的好好先生而已。
They weren't sure which car to buy. But when it came down to the wire, they chose the cheaper one.
他们一直对买什么车犹豫不决，但最终，他们选择了一辆比较便宜的。
This competition will probably come down to the wire! At the moment, it is very unclear who will win.
这场比赛的结果恐怕要到最后一刻才会见分晓。目前来看，谁会获胜还非常不明了。
The choice of which candidate to hire came right down to the wire, as there were two applicants we liked very much.
最终选择聘用哪位应聘者，我们直到最后一刻才决定，因为我们对那两位应聘者都很满意。
The competition for the new management position was cutthroat. Many people wanted the job and would have done anything to get it.
这个新设立的管理层岗位招聘竞争非常激烈。很多人想要得到这份工作，这些人甚至会为此不择手段。
New technology firms have to be more cutthroat than in the past because there are so many companies making similar products, and they all want their share of the market.
如今，新科技公司之间的竞争不得不比过去更加残酷，这是因为有太多的公司在开发同类产品，而且他们都想得到属于自己的市场份额。
In the cutthroat world of Hollywood, only the best can be successful.
在好莱坞这个竞争残酷的世界里，只有最优秀的人才能成功。
The builders tried to cut corners by using cheaper material.
这些建筑工人想节约成本，偷工减料。
Parents were furious when they found out the council had cut corners on school meals.
家长们发现地方政府在学校伙食开销方面缩减开支、贪便宜，为此他们非常生气。
Hospitals shouldn’t cut corners when it comes to patient care - that would be awful!
医院在病人护理工作上不应该贪图便宜、走捷径，这样做非常恶劣！
It's difficult to stay ahead of the curve - it involves a lot of work and innovation.
时刻走在潮流前端不容易，因为这需要大量的工作和创新。
Our boss wants us to make some changes so that we can get ahead of the curve.
我们的老板想让我们做出一些改变，从而能领先于其他公司。
The technology firm invests heavily in R&D in order to keep ahead of the curve.
这家科技公司在研发工作上投入巨资以保持领先优势。
We just don't have the bandwidth to work on that project right now.
我们目前真的没有足够的精力和资源去做那个项目。
Do you have enough bandwidth to organise that event?
你有足够的能力组织那个活动吗？
I need more bandwidth to get all this work finished.
我需要更多的资源来干完所有的工作。
Naomi always passes the buck. Whenever she makes a mistake, she says someone else did it.
娜奥米总是推卸责任。她每次犯错都说是其他人做的。
Don't pass the buck! You know it's your turn to do that!
别推卸责任，你知道这回该你做了！
Lee's team are tired of him passing the buck whenever he makes a wrong decision.
李的团队已经厌倦了他的这个行为 — 只要他做出错误的决定，他都会把责任推到别人头上。
Ali had been a head teacher for years and didn’t normally give lessons. But when he had to cover for a sick teacher, he hadn’t lost his touch. He was brilliant.
阿里当校长已有多年，所以通常不需要给学生上课。尽管如此，他在临时替请病假的老师上课时，神采飞扬，根本看不出他其实已有多年没站在讲台上了。他真的很厉害。
Don't worry. You're still the best in the team. You definitely haven't lost your touch.
别担心，你仍然是这个团队里最优秀的一员。你的能力如往常一样好。
Sarah hadn’t performed for years, but when she got back onto the stage with her guitar, she played wonderfully. She hasn’t lost her touch.
虽然萨拉已有多年未登台表演，但当她重返舞台弹起吉他时，音色还是那么地美妙。她的才气不减当年。
Every time we meet for dinner, Luke always foots the bill. He's very generous.
每次我们聚餐，卢克总是会买单。他非常大方。
You always foot the bill! Let me pay for once.
总是你买单，这次我来吧。
I really wish Chen would foot the bill occasionally: she's so mean!
我真希望陈也能偶尔付付帐，她太小气了。
Everytime I see her, I go weak at the knees.
每当我看到她，我的腿就发软。
He went weak at the knees the moment he first saw her! He knew he would love her from that moment forward.
在他第一次看到她的时候，喜欢的感觉就让他两腿发软！他知道从那刻起自己就会爱上她。
Michael makes me go weak at the knees. I really like him!
麦克尔让我膝盖发软。我真的很喜欢他！
My father says he always knew my mother was the one. He never wanted to marry anyone else.
我父亲说他一直相信我母亲就是他的那个唯一。他从来都没想过要娶别人。
She's the one! I'm going to ask her to marry me.
她就是我的真命天女！我打算向她求婚。
She regrets breaking up with him. Now she thinks he was the one.
她后悔和他分手。因为她现在才意识到，他其实就是她命中注定的那个唯一。
Dave asked Kate out for a date - no strings attached.
戴夫邀请凯特一起出去坐坐，不求什么回报。
Hundreds of people turned up at Sophie's Hair when they saw an advert offering free haircuts with no strings attached.
数百人前往索菲娅理发店，因为他们看到广告上说这家理发店提供免费剪发，并且没有任何附带限制。
Jack's parents are usually very stingy, so he became very cautious when they offered him money with no strings attached.
杰克的父母一向比较小气，所以当他们提出给杰克钱，并且不要求回报时，杰克变得谨慎起来。
She had to burn the midnight oil to get the report done on time.
为了按时完成那份报告，她不得不工作到深夜。
He was burning the midnight oil studying for his exam.
他为了准备考试学习到很晚。
I was burning the midnight oil last night: I only got two hours' sleep.
昨晚我工作到很晚，只睡了两个小时。
Our boss spent a lot of time flexing her muscles at the meeting this morning. She wants us to know she's in charge.
在晨会上，我们的老板花了很长时间向我们展示她的实力。这么做是为了让我们知道在这里她说了算。
Don't pay any attention to Steve. He just likes to flex his muscles around new people but he's a very sweet and gentle guy, really.
不用把史蒂夫的举动太放在心上，他就是喜欢向新来的人展示自己的能力，其实他是个非常和善温柔的人。
I thought you were a bully when we first met, but now I know you I realise you were just flexing your muscles.
咱俩刚认识的时候我觉得你就会欺负人，但现在我明白了当初你也就是在展示自己的能力。
Mark has been going to the gym twice a day for weeks. He's beefing himself up for big weight-lifting competition.
马克保持一天去健身房两次的频率已经好几周了，他在为一场大型举重比赛加强体力，作准备。
We needed to beef up the email service we provide to our customers to improve communication.
我们需要改进为客户提供的电子邮件服务，以此加强沟通和联系。
To improve their low sales figures, the company decided to beef up their marketing campaign.
为了提高他们低迷的销售额，公司决定加强市场促销活动。
I used to think that Louise was mean, but I had to eat my words when she gave me a birthday present this year.
我以前总说路易丝小气，但我还真是错怪她了，我今年过生日她送了我礼物。
Steve was sure that his football team was going to win, but he had to eat his words when they lost 2:0.
史蒂夫信心满满，认为他的球队肯定会赢，但在他们以二比零的比分输掉比赛后，他承认他的胜利预言落空了。
Mark promised that the client would sign the contract, but he had to eat his words when they decided not to go ahead in the end.
马克信誓旦旦地说客户会肯定会签合约，但当客户最终决定不签约时，他只得承认自己完全错了。
I think I offended Susan yesterday. I'm going to offer an olive branch and send her a box of chocolates.
我觉得我昨天把苏珊惹恼了。所以我要主动跟她和解，送她一盒巧克力。
The neighbours had been disagreeing about parking for weeks but, in the end, Mr Smith offered Mr Peters an olive branch and invited him to dinner.
我的邻居们为了停车的问题僵持了好久，但最终，史密斯先生主动向彼得斯先生伸出了橄榄枝，并邀他共进晚餐。
Mark came home with a big bunch of flowers for his wife after their argument. He was offering her an olive branch.
马克在和太太争吵后，带了一大束花回家，主动表示要和好。
After weeks of not talking to each other, Chris and Simone decided to bury the hatchet and meet for dinner.
冷战了几周后，克里斯和西蒙娜终于握手言和，决定见面共进晚餐。
Why can't you two just bury the hatchet and get along? It's been a long time now.
你们俩为什么就不能不再争吵，好好相处呢？尤其是你们都已经僵持了这么久了。
The two brothers hadn't spoken for years but they decided to bury the hatchet when their father became ill.
这两兄弟已经好几年没跟对方说过话了，但在他们的父亲病倒后，俩人终于和解了。
He's only 15, but he's an up-and-coming footballer.
他只有十五岁，但已经是一名极具潜力、前途光明的足球运动员了。
There are lots of up-and-coming entrepreneurs in social media.
社交媒体领域有很多崭露头角的创业者。
She's an up-and-coming star.
她是一名前程似锦的新星。
We're going to have to work hard to get this business off the ground.
我们接下来得努力工作，才能顺利地开始做这门生意。
I wanted to open a restaurant, but I just couldn't get enough investment to get it off the ground.
我曾是想开家餐馆，但由于没有获得足够的资金故没能成型。
It's not easy to get a project off the ground, the first few weeks are really important.
要把一个项目做成功绝非易事，开始的几周时间至关重要。
After my long holiday it took me a while to get back into the swing of things.
在休完长假后，我花了好一段时间才恢复了正常的生活作息规律。
I hadn't worked in sales for a long time, so it took me a few weeks to get back into the swing of things.
我已经很久没有在销售岗位工作了，所以我用了几周的时间才适应。
When I moved back to my country, it took me over a month to get back into the swing of things.
我搬回国居住后，花了一个多月时间才逐渐习惯在故乡生活的节奏。
I haven't touched base with Victoria for a long time. I should call her.
我太久没跟维多利亚联络了，我应该给她打个电话。
OK, let's close this meeting for now and touch base early next week to see how much progress has been made.
好了，会先开到这里。下周初我们再碰一下，看看进展如何。
Sorry, I haven't got time to talk now, but let's touch base first thing tomorrow.
抱歉，我现在没时间说这个事情。咱们明天一早碰一下。
The golfer's record winning score raised the bar.
这位高尔夫球手获胜的分数破了纪录。
The singer's creative performances have raised the bar for other singers to follow.
这位歌手赋有创意的演出让后来的歌唱表演者很难超越。
Because so many students are achieving good grades, universities are raising the bar for students entering their universities.
因为有越来越多的学生都能取得很不错的考试成绩，所以各大学也随之抬高了他们的入学门槛。
Ok, everyone, let's take the bull by the horns and solve this problem together as a team!
好了，咱们一起迎难而上，团结起来，用团队的力量解决这个难题。
I know it's difficult to fire someone, but you just have to take the bull by the horns and tell her.
我知道要解雇一个人不容易，但是你得当机立断，马上告诉她。
When Frank inherited his father's company, he had to take the bull by the horns and make big changes.
在佛兰克继承了他父亲的公司后，他不得已而当机立断，做出了一些大的改变。
I know you're in a hurry, but if you could just sit tight for a moment, I will get you those documents before you leave.
我知道你很着急，但你再耐心地等一会儿，我在你离开前把文件都给你。
You probably won't be promoted this year, but if you sit tight and do your job well, you might next year.
今年你可能升不了职，但只要你坚持好好干，说不定明年就能升职。
I suggest that you sit tight until the end of the financial year. Your shares might be worth more by then.
我建议你在这个财年结束前都按兵不动。你的股票到那时侯说不定会比现在更值钱。
I felt awkward until they broke the ice by asking us about our journey.
我感到既尴尬又别扭，直到他们询问了我们的旅程，才打破了沉默。
When meeting potential new clients, it's important to break the ice by starting the conversation.
当面见新的客户时，主动交谈以打破冷场是很重要的。
I broke the ice by asking about an ex-colleague who works for them now.
我主动问起了一位现在为他们工作的我的前同事的情况，以此打破沉默。
Laura was already angry. Joe just added fuel to the fire by forgetting to do the washing, as he'd promised.
劳拉已经够生气了，乔刚才又火上浇油，因为他忘了做之前答应劳拉要洗衣服那件事。
Don't try and apologise yet! You'll only add fuel to the fire if you go round there while she's still angry.
你先别道歉！你在她气头上去找她，只能火上浇油。
If the boss is angry when he comes in, don’t tell him about all the customer complaints. You’ll just be adding fuel to the fire.
如果老板来的时候很生气，你就先别告诉他那些客户投诉，否则你就是火上浇油。
James and I have some of the same friends but he wasn't on my radar until he became my neighbour.
虽然詹姆士和我有很多共同的朋友，但在他成为我的邻居之前，他并没有吸引我的注意。
Buying a house is not even on my radar at the moment.
目前，买房这种事我连想都没想过。
I don't mind if you ask about Jack; he's not even on my radar anymore.
我不介意你问我关于杰克的事情；我现在对他一点兴趣也没有了。
Pat is such a dreamer. She's always building castles in the air.
帕特真是个梦想家。她总是梦想那些无法实现的计划。
My mum told me to stop building castles in the air and find a real job, but there's no way I'm giving up on my dreams of becoming a professional footballer.
我妈告诉我不要一天到晚总做白日梦，该去找一份真正的工作了，但我是绝对不会放弃成为一名职业足球运动员的梦想的。
Ding needs a proper business plan if she is serious about setting up her own shop! At the moment she's just building castles in the air.
如果小丁在认真考虑创建自己的店铺的话，那她就需要准备一份像样的商业计划。目前她只是在空想而已。
Tim's uncle gave him an internship at his company to help him get a foot on the ladder.
蒂姆的叔叔给蒂姆在自己的公司里找了一个实习机会，从而帮他跨入职业生涯的门槛。
Don't be afraid to start at the bottom. Once you get your foot on the ladder you'll progress easily.
不要害怕从最底层开始工作。一旦你跨进了门槛，很快就会在职业生涯中取得进步的。
I went to lots of networking events when I started out in sales. It helped me get a foot on the ladder.
刚开始做销售的时候，我参加了很多扩展人脉的商业交流活动，这帮我迈出了职业生涯的第一步。
It might be complicated, but both our companies want to work together, so why don't we meet and try to hammer out a deal?
这也许会很复杂，但是我们双方公司都希望为之努力、并肩工作，所以大家何不开会讨论，试着达成交易呢？
After five years, we finally managed to hammer out an agreement with the insurance company.
我们终于在五年后和保险公司达成了协议。
The customers were relieved when the two mobile operators hammered out a new agreement to cut roaming charges.
顾客们听说两家移动运营商就减少漫游费的问题达成了新的协定后，终于松了一口气。
When John wants something, nine times out of ten he gets it.
当约翰想要什么东西的时候，十之八九他都能得到。
Nine times out of ten he would drive to work.
他几乎都是开车去上班。
When the fire alarm goes off, nine times out of ten it's because someone is using the toaster incorrectly.
火警报警器报警，十有八九都是因为烤面包机使用不当而引起的。
I’ve been doing this job for ten years, so I know the ins and outs of how this place works.
我做这份工作已经十年了，所以我知道这里运作的所有细节。
I’ve only been given the project this morning; I have no idea about the ins and outs.
今天早上我才接手这个项目，所以目前还完全摸不清头脑。
To be efficient at your job, you need to learn the ins and outs of all the processes.
要想工作有效率，你需要学习所有流程的来龙去脉。
The reason for stopping the project boils down to lack of money.
停止这个项目的原因归结于缺乏资金。
You’ve said a lot, but I think it boils down to whether you want to go to the wedding or not.
你说了很多，但是我认为最终你要决定的是你想不想去参加婚礼。
It all boils down to one thing – who you know in this business.
归根结底就是一件事 – 你在业界里认识谁。
Charlie was given ten out of ten for his music composition.
查理的音乐作曲得了满分。
I give this movie ten out of ten for special effects.
我给这部电影的特技效果打满分。
Although Tingting didn’t win any prizes, you have to give her ten out ten for trying.
虽然婷婷没有得奖，但她努力的态度值得我们给她打满分。
I won two cinema tickets in the raffle, so I am a happy bunny.
抽奖的时候我中了两张电影票，所以我非常开心。
I'm a happy bunny because the boss is giving me a pay rise.
我很高兴，因为老板要给我加薪了。
John's not a happy bunny because he missed his flight.
约翰心情特别糟糕，因为他误了航班。
Because of the recent negative press, we are cutting loose from the company.
近期有许多关于那家公司的负面报道，所以我们正在与其疏远关系。
It’s about time you cut loose from your family and set up on your own.
现在该是你离开家，自己独立的时候了。
It’s the end of the term, let’s cut loose and have some fun tonight.
这学期结束了，今晚我们彻底放松，好好玩一玩。
We were wined and dined by our host at the best restaurant in town last night.
主人家昨晚在城里最高档的餐厅里设宴招待我们。
The company wined and dined us, apologising for the inconvenience caused.
那家公司设酒宴款待我们，以为他们造成的不便道歉。
I am an old-fashioned romantic – I like to wine and dine my wife regularly.
我是一个老派的浪漫主义者，我喜欢定期请我的妻子去餐厅吃饭，享受美味佳肴。
To celebrate the team’s success, we are going to paint the town red tonight.
我们今晚要出去好好庆祝一下团队所获得的成功。
Today is Mary’s birthday; the girls are out to paint the town red.
今天是玛丽的生日，她和一帮朋友准备结伴出去尽情狂欢一番。
Lucy called and said she will be down this weekend to paint the town red with us.
露西打电话来说周末她就要过来了，到时候要和我们一起去出去热闹热闹。
I put baby George in the buggy and gave him a bottle of milk. Now he’s happy as Larry.
我把宝宝乔治放进婴儿推车，然后给了他一瓶奶。他开心得不得了。
I got an A in the maths test and I’m as happy as Larry.
我数学考试拿了一个A，我高兴极了。
Paul looked happy as Larry as he went off to meet his old friends from high school.
保罗去见他中学的老朋友们了，他看着心情特别好。
I gritted my teeth and finished eighth in the 10000 meter run. It was my personal best.
我咬紧牙关跑完了1万米，最后拿了第八名。也是我个人最佳成绩。
My grandpa doesn’t like big gatherings, but for the sake of the family, he gritted his teeth and allowed us to give him a big birthday party.
我爷爷不喜欢大型聚会，但因为考虑到家人的心意，他咬牙接受我们给他办个大型生日聚会的愿望。
We had to grit our teeth and accept the client’s terms and condition, because the contract is really important to us.
我们不得不咬咬牙接受客户的条件，因为这个合同对我们来说特别重要。
‘This place gives me the heebie-jeebies.’ Julia looked around and said slowly.
“这地方让我有点紧张。”朱丽亚看了看四周，慢慢地说。
The thought of having to drive through the forest at night gives me the heebie-jeebies.
一想到要晚上开车穿过这片森林就让我感觉特别紧张不安。
I can't stand spiders, they give me the heebie-jeebies.
我特别受不了蜘蛛，他们让我感到很害怕。
I’ve never bought an all-singing, all-dancing smartphone. I only need two features.
我从来没有买过功能齐全的智能手机，我只需要使用最基本的功能。
This all-singing, all-dancing app lets you add filters, stickers and text to your photos.
这个功能多样的移动应用程序可以让你给照片添加滤镜、贴纸和文字。
Our new laptop may not be all-singing, all-dancing, but it has everything you need at a fair price.
虽然我们新推出的笔记本电脑并不具备花哨的性能，但它拥有所有的必要功能，而且价格实惠。
I might have laid it on a bit thick when I told Britney how pretty her new dress was.
我在夸布里特妮的新连衣裙特别好看的时候，可能有点捧过头了。
Don’t lay it on thick when you compliment people – it will make you sound fake.
当你称赞他人的时候，不要太夸张，不然这会让你听起来很虚伪。
James might have laid it on a bit thick with his daughter just now. After all, she only broke a plate.
刚刚詹姆斯可能对她女儿过分责难了，毕竟她只是打碎了一个碟子而已。
John put away his toys off his own bat after playing with them.
约翰在玩完玩具后自觉地把它们收拾好，放回了原位。
The thing about effective networking is you need to step out of your comfort zone and start talking to people off your own bat.
有效建立关系网的诀窍是，你需要走出自己的“舒适区”，自觉主动地开始和他人交谈。
Jessie is very proactive. Last time, she had organised the entire trip and booked our hotel off her own bat even before I asked.
杰西非常积极主动，上一次，她在我分配工作之前就主动规划了整个行程并预定好了酒店。
He looks pleased as Punch in that photo taken on his 20th birthday.
在二十岁生日那天拍的照片中，他看起来特别开心。
Zach and Carol are pleased as Punch with their new house.
扎克和卡萝对他们的新房子感到非常满意。
I would be pleased as Punch if I could get a ticket to Adele’s concert.
我要是能买到阿黛尔演唱会的门票，那就太好了。
I was on tenterhooks all morning waiting to hear the outcome of my job interview.
我一早上都坐立不安，等着我工作面试结果的消息。
The exam results are due out today and George was on tenterhooks all night thinking about them.
考试成绩今天出来。乔治昨晚一直处于惶恐不安的状态，特别担心。
We were on tenterhooks all through the game, hoping that our team would win.
整场比赛我们都坐立不安，心一直悬着，希望我们的球队能够赢得这场比赛。
Jack got into a lot of trouble at school last year, but with a new school year and a new teacher, he's starting with a clean slate.
杰克去年在学校里闯了不少祸，但现在新学年，新老师，他可以改过自新，重新开始。
In the last few months I've developed some bad habits, but for the new year I'm going to start with a clean slate.
过去几个月里我养成了一些坏习惯。但在新的一年里，我下决心要洗心革面，重新开始。
George and I sat down and agreed that what’s happened in the past is in the past, but now we shall start with a clean slate.
乔治和我坐下来，达成了共识。我们要既往不咎，重新开始。
Go to sleep early, so you can get a head start tomorrow.
早点睡，养足精神，明天才会有个好开端。
You’ve got a head start on this project, because you’ve done this before.
这个项目上你占先机，因为你做过类似的项目。
Simon got a head start in the cycling race because Peter lost his footing at the start.
西蒙在自行车比赛一开始就占了上风是因为彼得在起跑线上就失误了。
Sarah is taking baby steps to overcome her fear of spiders.
莎拉正在努力克服她对蜘蛛的恐惧。
Sometimes it’s better to take baby steps rather than a giant leap.
很多时候，一步一个脚印地去做事比试图一步到位要更稳妥更有效。
We are taking baby steps in our new product design.
我们在新产品的设计上采取了谨慎策略。
Simon has just left school and is still wet behind the ears.
西蒙刚从学校毕业，还没什么社会经验呢。
Sarah knows the theory of the job, but when it comes to practical experience, she’s still wet behind the ears.
莎拉理论上知道这份工作该怎么干，但要付诸实践时，她可没有什么经验可谈。
The committee took no notice of what Peter said; obviously they thought he was still wet behind the ears.
委员会对彼得说的话不屑一顾，显然他们认为他缺少经验。
The stock market is showing signs of green shoots.
股票市场显示出经济复苏的迹象。
The chancellor is confident that the green shoots of the economic recovery are already here.
财相充满自信，认为经济复苏的迹象已经出现了。
The public is yet to be convinced that the green shoots of recovery are real.
公众还不能完全相信经济复苏的迹象是真的。
Jenny is a bookworm – she always has her nose in a book.
珍妮是一个书虫，她总在专心看书。
I would rather have my nose in a book than playing with other kids outside.
我更喜欢自己埋头读书，而不是和其他小孩一起在外面玩耍。
I’ve been very busy lately. I’d wake up early and have my nose in a book for the rest of the day.
最近我很忙。我起得很早，接着就一头扎进书堆里学习一整天。
I never hide any secrets from my mum because she can read me like a book.
我从来不和我妈隐藏任何秘密，因为她总能把我看透。
I could tell that you were having an off day – I can read you like a book.
我能看出来你今天状态不怎么样，我可以读懂你的心思。
A: You didn’t really like the food I cooked today, did you?
A
：你其实不太喜欢我今天做的菜，对吧？
B: How did you know?
B
：你是怎么知道的？
A: Come on, I can read you like a book.
A：拜托，我对你了如指掌。
You don’t have to worry what others say about you, nobody’s perfect.
你没必要担心其他人对你的评论。没有人是完美的。
Nobody is perfect, we all learn by our mistakes.
人无完人，我们都是通过我们犯的错来学习的。
Don't put this pressure on yourself. Nobody’s perfect and you’ve tried your best.
别给自己这么大的压力。人无完人，而且你已经做出了最大的努力。
Can I quickly run the script past you before we go on air?
在开播之前，我能把稿子快速念给你听一下吗？
We have to run the contract by the manager before sending it to our partner.
在把合同发给合作伙伴之前，我们需要先让经理过目一下。
You have exactly 30 seconds to run your idea past me – I’m very busy.
我给你不多不少30秒的时间讲你的想法。我现在很忙。
John is a rough diamond; despite his appearances, he gets on with everyone in the group.
别在意约翰的外表，他其实是一个外粗内秀的人，他和组里的人都很合得来。
I'm a bit of a rough diamond. People think I'm rude but I'm actually a nice guy.
我是个外粗内秀的人。大家觉得我比较鲁莽，但其实我是个友善的人。
Mark's a bit loud and blunt but he'd help anyone. He's a rough diamond.
虽然马克说话嗓门比较大，也很直言不讳，但他一定会向需要的人伸出援助之手。他就是个外粗内秀的好心人。
She worked her fingers to the bone to feed the family.
她拼了命地工作，就为了养家糊口。
I worked my fingers to the bone to get the garden ready for the summer.
我费了好大劲儿，拼命工作了好一阵儿才把花园整理好，迎接夏天的到来。
We don’t expect staff to work their fingers to the bone, but we do expect hard work from everyone.
我们不要求员工不分昼夜、废寝忘食地工作，但我们希望每个人都能努力地工作。
Many believe digitalisation will push traditional media to the tipping point in the near future.
很多人认为，在不久的将来，数码化会把传统媒体推向一个转折点。
The CEO says once the company reaches a financial tipping point, it will not be able to avoid bankruptcy.
这位首席执行官说，一旦公司到达财政状况的临界点，将无法避免破产。
The couple realised that the fight might have been a tipping point in their failed relationship.
这对情侣意识到了当时那场争吵可能是二人感情失败的转折点。
Luckily, the inflation did not have a knock-on effect on average incomes.
万幸的是，通货膨胀并没有对平均收入产生连带效应。
The train delay has caused a severe knock-on effect on the commuters’ journeys.
火车延误对通勤者的旅途造成了严重的连带影响。
The introduction of a new animal species will have a knock-on effect on the local ecosystem.
新动物物种的引进会给当地的生态系统带来连锁效应。
I’ve never even been issued a speeding ticket – my driving licence is clean as a whistle.
我从来没收到过一张超速罚单，我的车本上一分都没扣，毫无污点。
Jen is a bit of a neat freak. She keeps her desk clean as a whistle.
珍是一个酷爱整齐的人，她的办公桌总是打扫得极其干净整洁。
You’ve really tidied it up here – it’s as clean as a whistle!
你真的认真地做了扫除，这里看起来特别干净！
Mark is in the driving seat now that he has been appointed CEO of the company.
马克现在负责管理公司的所有业务，因为他刚被任命为公司的首席执行官。
Some employees are more productive when they’re put in the driving seat.
有些职员在被赋予了主导权后工作起来更有效率。
Many talented young people are in the driving seat thanks to this leadership programme.
很多有才华的年轻人得以通过这个发展领导力的项目掌握了职业生涯的主导权。
I'm only new here, so I need someone with experience to show me the ropes.
我刚刚来到这里，所以我需要一位经验丰富的同事来教我一些入门技巧。
Ms Jones showed me the ropes when I first joined the department.
琼斯女士在我新加入这个部门的时候给我传授了工作技巧。
The trainees will be here in an hour. It will be great if you could show them the ropes.
实习生们会在一个小时后到。希望你能带一带他们，给他们传授些经验。
It’s a bugbear of mine that you smack your lips while eating.
我很受不了你吃饭时吧唧嘴的这个习惯。
Gemma’s loud neighbour has been her biggest bugbear recently.
杰玛的邻居很吵闹，这是近来最让她头疼的事。
Constant littering is a major bugbear for the town council.
经常有人乱仍垃圾是一件让地方政府感到非常头疼的事。
The new computer is very good at number-crunching.
这台新电脑能非常有效地处理大量的数字运算。
I am going to sit down and do some number-crunching.
我准备坐下来，好好地算一下数字。
Mum did some number-crunching and decided that we can afford a holiday.
妈妈在算了钱之后决定我们能负担得起一次度假旅行。
Jenny was droning on about what a great party she put on for her friends.
珍妮在不停地说她给朋友们举办的派对是有多么好。
My maths teacher droned on and on about division and I nearly fell asleep.
我的数学老师一直在讲除法，我差点睡着了。
I reached for another drink as Julia droned on about her story.
当朱莉娅在不停地说着她的故事的时候，我的手伸向了一杯新饮料。
Is the honeymoon period over for the new CEO?
新执行董事的好日子是不是已经结束了？
The honeymoon is well and truly over for Julia and Jack. They have started arguing over everything.
朱莉娅和杰克的蜜月期可是真的结束了。他们现在为了一丁点儿小事都会发生争执。
The new headmaster’s honeymoon period is over. He faces tough decisions to make in the coming days.
新校长的轻松日子过完了。未来日子里迎接他的将是很多艰难的决定。
The team face a steep learning curve on this new project.
团队需要快速地适应这个新项目。
Helen found that she has a steep learning curve in her new job.
海伦发现她的新工作需要她在很短的时间内掌握大量的新技能。
There's a steep learning curve with this new editing software.
这个新的编辑软件有很多需要我迅速掌握的地方。
Emma and Veronica are like chalk and cheese. They can never get along with each other!
艾玛和维罗妮卡是两个完全不同的人，她们绝对没办法好好相处！
I'm not going to compare these two bands because they're like chalk and cheese.
我是不会去比较这两个乐队的，因为他们的风格完全不同。
The elder brother loves extreme sports and the younger one enjoys fishing – they’re like chalk and cheese.
哥哥热爱极限运动，而弟弟却喜欢钓鱼，他们俩迥然不同。
My father stays home and takes care of us and my mother brings home the bacon.
爸爸在家里照顾我们，而妈妈在外挣钱。
As the eldest child, Mark has a lot of responsibility – he has to finish his degree while bringing home the bacon.
作为长子，马克肩负重任，他得边读完学位边养家糊口。
Who brings home the bacon? You, your husband or both?
你们家谁工作养家？是你，你丈夫还是你们两个人一起？
A: Can I have a word with you?
A: 我可以和你谈谈吗？
B: Sure, I’ll be with you in a split second.
B: 行啊，我马上就来。
For a split second I just stared at the results, then I screamed for joy as I realised I got four As in my final exams.
我盯着成绩单，一刹那间没有反应过来，当我意识到我期末考试成绩是四个 A 时，我高兴得尖叫起来。
Football referees have to make split-second decisions on the pitch, so the pressure can be very intense.
足球裁判往往需要在赛场上做出迅速的决定，因此他们也承受着非常大的压力。
Laura couldn’t stop saying how wonderful the young man she met at the party was, but Sarah thought he's a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
劳拉不停地说她在派对上碰到的年轻男孩如何好，但是莎拉却觉得这个男孩其实是个披着羊皮的狼，需要提防。
I know Ping is charming and all that, but I don't trust her. She is definitely a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
我知道萍很迷人，但我不信任她。她绝对是只披着羊皮的狼。
Trust me on this, you don’t want to go out with Matthew. You may think he is the one, but I can tell you he’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
相信我，你不应该和马修交往。你可能觉得他就是你期待的那个人，但我可以告诉你他是只披着羊皮的狼。
A: Do you think Mary is interested in me?
A: 你觉得玛莉是不是对我有意思？
B: No, that’s a figment of your imagination. She’s happily married with two kids.
B: 不可能，你自己瞎想什么。她婚姻幸福，还有两个孩子。
Was it a figment of my imagination or did I just see John driving away on my beloved motorbike?
是我凭空想象出来的还是刚才我真的看到约翰骑走了我最心爱的摩托车？
Is Santa real or just a figment of people’s imagination?
圣诞老人是真的，还是人们凭空臆造出来的？
During this week's survival training, the boys haven’t had a square meal.
在野外生存训练这一周期间，男孩们没吃上一顿饱饭。
Stop complaining! You have three square meals every day. What more do you want?
别抱怨了！你每天都有三顿饱饭吃，你还想要求什么？
A: How was your evening?
A: 晚上过得还好吗？
B: We went to Joe’s and had a proper square meal. We had a great time.
B: 我们去 Joe’s 餐厅吃了一顿丰盛的晚饭。我们度过了一段美好的时光。
It is better to conclude a business deal with a formal contract instead of a gentleman’s agreement.
在缔结商业协议时，最好签署正式的合同，而不是建立口头协定。
The university has promised its students not to raise tuition fee as part of a gentleman’s agreement.
保证不增加学费是这所大学与其学生立下的君子协定的一部分。
There is a gentleman’s agreement not to sign football players from neighbouring clubs.
不与同一地区足球俱乐部的球员签约是足球界不成文的约定。
You could've knocked the door – it's the done thing.
你本来可以先敲门再进来的，这样做才合乎礼节。
It's not the done thing to use your mobile phones in the cinema.
在电影院里使用手机是不成体统的行为。
In the old days, it was the done thing for gentlemen to hold the door for ladies.
在过去，男士扶着门让女士通过曾是天经地义的事。
A: You’re a bit quiet. A penny for your thoughts.
A: 你怎么没声音了。在想啥呢？
B: I was thinking about my exams.
B: 我在想我的考试怎么办。
A: What’s wrong? A penny for your thoughts.
A: 有问题吗？你在想什么？
B: Nothing, I’m just tired.
B: 没有。我就是有点儿累。
A: A penny for your thoughts.
A: 你在想什么？
B: I was wondering what to do about this laptop.
B: 我在想怎么处理这台电脑。
I can’t promise I can make it tonight. Let’s play it by ear.
我不能确保我今晚能来。到时候看情况再定。
We should play it by ear. Don’t make any decisions just yet.
我们应该见机行事。别现在就做决定。
I am not sure what the tour guide has in plan for us today, so I’ll just play it by ear.
我还不清楚导游今天给我们做了什么安排，所以打算到时候看情况再做决定。
When I saw photos of James and Sally together in Las Vegas, I put two and two together and guessed they were more than just friends.
当我看到詹姆士和萨利在拉斯维加斯拍的照片时，我推断出他们之间的关系并不仅仅是朋友。
Wendy accidentally shared a selfie with the caption ‘twenty weeks’, and friends put two and two together – she’s pregnant.
Wendy 一不小心在社交网站上发布了一张带有标注文字“20周”的自拍照，结果朋友们推断出她一定是怀孕了。
It’s typical of him to put two and two together and make five. I am used to it now.
他经常乱下结论，我都已经习惯了。
To stay in touch with what young people like nowadays, the company will start introducing more young blood.
为了解最近年轻人都喜欢什么，该公司将注入更多 “新鲜血液”。
Employers must realise that young blood is a significant source of innovation and creativity.
雇主们必须意识到，新生力量是企业创新及创造力的重要来源。
Our recent corporate reform called for more fresh young blood with different perspectives on how to improve our products and services.
公司最新推行的改革要求我们引进更多充满朝气的新生力量，这些年轻人对于如何提高我们产品的质量和服务水平抱有不同的想法。
My granny is a big fan of rock and roll music – she is 75 and still young at heart.
我的奶奶是个摇滚音乐迷，她虽然已经75岁了，但仍人老心不老。
I hope I can stay young at heart like my aunt Nancy. She has such a great passion for life and is full of fun and laughter.
我希望能像我的姑姑南茜一样童心永驻，她对生活充满了激情，整个人既快活又开心。
The secret of being young at heart is to do what you love and love what you do.
保持心态年轻的秘诀是做你热爱的事情，并且热爱你所做的事情。
If you go back to him, he’ll twist you around his little finger like before.
如果你回到他身边，他会像以前那样任意摆布你的。
We all know Colin will get the new action figure before anyone else. He can twist his parents around his little finger.
我们都知道科林会比其他孩子先拿到最新款玩具，这是因为他的爸妈对他百依百顺。
Don’t worry - he’ll do as I say. I’ve got him twisted around my little finger.
别担心，他会照我说的做的。我可以轻易地指使他做任何事情。
With all the conferences to attend, James will literally be living out of a suitcase over the next few months.
詹姆斯在接下来的几个月里要参加很多会议，到时候他真的得提着行李箱四处奔波了。
I just came back from a business trip to London and am now heading to the airport for another - I’m living out of a suitcase.
我刚从伦敦出差回来，现在又要赶去机场到另一个地方出差，我这是提着旅行箱到处奔波。
You’ve been living out of a suitcase for weeks. Why don’t you stay at home and rest for a while?
你这几周一直在外到处奔波，为什么不在家歇一歇呢？
Blue is the new black for business suits in the city.
蓝色的商务套装成为了一种城市新风尚。
This fashion magazine says chocolate and olive green will be the new black this autumn.
这本时尚杂志说，巧克力色和橄榄绿将成为今秋的流行色。
Is green the new black in big cities? Recently, many urban dwellers have started to lead healthier and more eco-friendly lifestyles.
绿色的生活方式是否在城市中引领潮流？近来，很多住在城市里的人都过上了更加健康环保的生活。
How come you’re always late? You live just a stone’s throw from here.
你为什么总是迟到？你住的地方离这里只有两步路远吧。
We are selling a nice apartment with a great location. It’s only a stone’s throw from the closest bus stop.
我们正在出售一套地理位置特别好的公寓，离它最近的公交车站只有一步之遥。
I used to live a stone’s throw away from the sea. Sometimes, I could even hear the sound of the waves crashing onto the shore.
我曾住在离大海咫尺之远的地方。有时候我甚至能听到海浪拍打岸边的声音。
The head office hired a new HR director who has a reputation for being a tough cookie.
总公司雇用了一位新的人力资源总监，他以强悍、意志顽强而出名。
Jane is one tough cookie. She trained hard for 15 hours a day, for two years to be a top rower.
简是一个意志坚强的人，为了成为一名顶级的划船运动员，两年期间， 她坚持每天苦练15个小时。
Mike is a tough cookie. He won’t take no for an answer from anyone.
迈克是一个顽强执著的人，他不接受任何人跟他说“不”字。
That red ballgown makes her look like a million dollars.
那条红色的长舞裙让她看起来美极了。
Some people could wear the cheapest outfits but still manage to look like a million dollars.
有些人即使身穿最便宜的服装，也能看起来非常迷人。
Today is my wedding day and I really want to look like a million dollars.
今天是我结婚的日子，所以我很想打扮得光彩照人。
Make hay while the sun shines or you’ll regret missing the opportunities in your life.
要把握良机，否则你会为失去人生中的众多机会而后悔不已。
If you want to be successful before thirty, you have to make hay while the sun shines.
如果你想在三十岁前成功，就要抓住机会，以免错过良机。
The film crew are touring around the world to promote their new romantic comedy prior to Valentine's. They are making hay while the sun shines.
这个电影制作团队赶在情人节前去世界各地宣传他们的新浪漫爱情片，想借节日大力推广新片。
Could you help me finish these chips? I have eyes bigger than my stomach.
你能帮我吃完这些薯条吗？我眼馋肚饱，吃不下了。
My mum told me off because I had ordered three ice creams and finished only one. She said I had eyes bigger than my stomach!
我妈妈把我教训了一通，因为我点了三个冰激淋，却只吃了一个。她说我眼大肚子小！
Kate has eyes bigger than her stomach – she always ends up wasting food at an all-you-can-eat buffet.
凯特眼大肚子小，她去吃自助餐时总是盛得很多，最后不得不浪费掉吃不完的食物。
I always travel light and carry only the bare necessities with me.
我旅行时总是轻装上阵，只带上必需品。
He thought travelling light would make the trip much easier, but he soon realised that he should have taken more warm clothes.
他本以为轻装出行可以让这次旅行更轻松，但他很快就意识到应该多带些保暖的衣服。
One of the perks of travelling light is that you've got lots of room in your luggage for souvenirs.
轻装旅行的好处之一是，你的行李箱里将有很大的空间来装纪念品。
Jimmy is always up with the lark to catch the earliest bus to work.
吉米总是很早就起床，赶最早的巴士去上班。
The kids were up with the lark this morning because we were going on a day trip to the sea.
孩子们今天一大早就起床了，因为我们计划好去海边一日游。
I was up with the lark this morning and took a short walk in the garden before breakfast.
今天我很早就起床了，并在早餐前去花园里走了一圈。
I need some seed money from my family and friends to open my book shop.
我得从亲朋好友那里筹集一些开书店所需要的本金。
The government is offering seed money to small businesses founded by young entrepreneurs.
政府正为由年轻企业家创立的小公司提供启动资金。
Our new mobile app has secured £1000 in seed money and if everything goes well, it will be ready to launch next spring.
我们的新手机应用已得到1000英镑的启动资金，如果一切进行顺利，该应用将会在明年春天发布。
A: I really don't like telling people they have to go but our company won't survive the economic downturn unless we cut costs.
B: You're right - it's never easy to fire people, but remember, you can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs.
A：我实在是不想让他们走，但如果不降低成本的话，咱们公司肯定顶不住经济衰退带来的影响。
B：你说得对，裁员不是件易事，不过你也要记住“有失必有得”。
The university took a desperate measure to merge three academic departments into one, in the belief that you can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs.
这所大学本着有失才能有得这一道理，采取了把三所学院合并为一这项举措。
In case you were wondering - you can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs. So don’t be afraid of the risks and go for it.
如果你还在犹豫，想想“有失才有得”这句话。所以别惧怕风险，勇敢去做吧。
We had an argument yesterday and he smashed all the plates in the kitchen – he was as mad as a March hare!
昨天我们吵了一架，他把厨房里的盘子都摔碎了，他当时真是发疯了！
Janet's as mad as a March hare - always saying and doing really bizarre things - but we love her just the way she is.
虽然珍妮特整天疯疯癫癫的，总是不断地说着和做着奇怪的事情，但我们仍非常喜欢她这个人。
When I started dancing, they all looked at me as if I was as mad as a March hare.
我一开始跳舞的时候，他们都看着我，就好像我在做一件很疯狂的事。
The professors asked John a tough unexpected question about his thesis, but he rolled with the punches and gave a satisfactory answer.
教授们针对约翰的论文提出了一个出乎意料的难题，但约翰从容应对，给出了一个令人满意的答案。
You've got to learn to roll with the punches if you want to survive in this business.
如果你想在这个行业生存下来，就得学会应对各种困难的局面。
Susan's been through a lot of tough times in her life, but she always knows how to roll with the punches.
苏珊一生中经历了很多困难的时期，但她总能克服困难，渡过难关。
I have no problem sleeping, I go out like a light as soon as I hit the pillow.
我睡眠一向很好，只要一沾枕头，马上就能睡着。
My daughter seems to love this lullaby. She goes out like a light when I hum it to her.
看来我女儿很喜欢这首摇篮曲。每当我哼唱这段旋律时她就会立刻睡着。
I'm not sure if I should lay down in bed right after dinner – I'd probably go out like a light.
我不知道是不是该吃完晚饭后就立刻躺下，我很可能一沾枕头就睡着了。
Although our grandfather has passed away, his love will live on in the memory of all of us.
虽然爷爷去世了，但他的关爱将永远留存在我们的记忆中。
We've won the game - this moment of glory will live on in the memory for the rest of my life.
我们赢得了比赛—这个荣誉的时刻将一直伴随我度过余生。
Her talent and legacy will live on in the memory of those she had inspired.
她的才华和精神财富将留存在被她激励过的所有人心中。
Her testimony was a pack of lies. She wasn’t even at the crime scene.
她的证言没有一句是真的，她根本就没出现在犯罪现场。
He told me he had never met me before – what a pack of lies!
他和我说从来没见过我，简直是谎话连篇！
Don’t believe what the media says about why you should be skinny. It’s all a pack of lies.
别相信媒体说的你一定要变得很瘦才行，这都是一派胡言。
The writer has proven to be a one-trick pony. His first novel was widely acclaimed but he hasn't published anything good ever since.
事实证明这位作家是个“一招鲜”，他的第一本小说广受好评，但自那以后就再没发表任何值得称赞的作品。
The team are adding more features to the product so it won't be considered as a one-trick pony.
这个团队正在为该产品添加新功能，这样人们就不会认为它只具有一个特色了。
He might be an excellent passer but nothing more – he's basically a one-trick pony.
他可能是个出色的传球手，但除此之外没有其它强项了，他基本上仅有一个可取之处而已。
I am starting to get itchy feet after reading her travel blog.
看完她的旅行博客之后我也想四处旅行了。
It’s been five years since I travelled abroad – I’m getting itchy feet.
我上一次出国旅游已经是五年前的事了，现在我真的想出去转转。
It is normal that employees get itchy feet if they stay in the same role for too long.
如果职员们在同一个岗位上太久，那么他们想换个工作的心情也是正常的。
My father has green fingers. Whatever he plants seems to flourish.
我的父亲特别有园艺天赋，他种什么，就活什么。
My mum gave me a few packets of vegetable seeds, but I won't plant them. I definitely haven't got green fingers.
我妈妈给了我好几包蔬菜种子，但我是不会把它们种下去的。我根本没有栽培植物的才能。
Orchids can be a real challenge to look after at home, even for people with green fingers.
在家种养兰花可是件充满挑战的事情，就算是园艺技术高手也面临同样的问题。
The new guy is not that popular among the team – he has a habit of riding roughshod over other team members’ opinions.
这个新来的人在团队中不怎么受欢迎，他总是不把其他团队成员的观点放在眼里，一意孤行。
This is what happens when you ride roughshod over the regulations and carry out the plan anyway – you’ve lost half of your support.
当你藐视规定，执意开展自己的计划时，这样的事情就会发生——你已经失去了半数的支持。
Many big companies in the industry continue to ride roughshod over the wishes of small businesses, setting up rules in order to benefit themselves.
这个行业中的很多大企业不顾小公司的看法，仍然一意孤行地建立利己的商业规则。
A: I think I’d be happier working in Australia.
A: 我觉得我去澳大利亚工作应该会更开心。
B: But you don’t know that for sure. The grass is always greener on the other side.
B: 但你又没有百分之百的把握。人总是这山望着那山高。
Julie is always moaning about how small her house is compared to mine. It really isn’t. But I suppose the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
朱丽总是抱怨她的房子比我的小，其实根本不是这样。不过也难怪，人们总是觉得别人的条件比自己的好。
I always feel as fresh as a daisy after a shower.
我淋浴后总觉得精神焕发。
I am sure you will be as fresh as a daisy after a good night’s rest.
我相信只要你好好休息一个晚上，一定会变得精神饱满的。
If I can have a bit of Chinese tea, I’m sure I’ll feel as fresh as a daisy.
只要给我喝点中国茶，我肯定就能立马活力四射。
There’s definitely been a spring in her step since she met Michael.
自从她遇到迈克之后，走起路来脚步都变得轻快了。
I am sure you’ll be walking with a spring in your step when I tell you the news.
我相信我告诉你这个消息后，你肯定走路的步伐都会变得轻快。
Sam has been walking around with a spring in his step ever since the manager announced his promotion.
自从经理宣布山姆升职的消息后，山姆精神抖擞，走路步伐格外轻快。
Nancy is a walking encyclopedia of British history. She wrote five books about the Victorian era alone.
南茜是一部活生生的英国历史百科全书。仅以维多利亚时期为题材，她就写过五部相关的书籍。
My father is a walking encyclopedia when it comes to current affairs – he reads the papers every day.
只要是说起当今时事，我的父亲就活像一部百科全书。他每天都会读各类报纸。
When my phone crashes, it’s quite handy to have my sister around. She knows everything there is to know about smartphones – in fact she’s a walking encyclopedia!
每次我的手机死机时，我妹妹在就好了。她对智能手机的功能无所不知，她就是个活生生的百科全书！
The council made a promise to throw its weight behind the “Save the Urban Gardens” project.
地方政府承诺会全力支持“挽救城市公园”的计划。
A number of celebrities threw their weight behind the production and the opening show was a big success.
好几位社会名流都鼎力支持这部舞台剧，首演非常成功。
The university threw its weight behind the new research project.
大学全力支持这个新的研究项目。
The blockbuster swept the board with 10 nominations, making it the most talked-about film of the awards season.
这部大片囊括了十项提名，这让它成为这个奖项季最受关注的影片。
The photographer has swept the board at a prestigious contest and will open her own gallery at the end of the year.
这位摄影师在那个知名比赛中囊括所有奖项，她的私人画廊将于年底开幕。
The great atmosphere, friendly service and fantastic food mean this tea shop will probably sweep the board at the annual restaurant awards.
这家茶餐厅富有情调，服务友好，还提供非常美味的食物，所以很有可能在各类年度餐厅奖中大获全胜。
Just so you know - if you ever need a shoulder to cry on, I’m around.
顺便说一声，如果你需要找个人倾诉苦衷，我随时可以来到你身旁。
Kevin is such a good friend – he always offers me a shoulder to cry on when I need it.
凯文是一个很好的朋友，每当我需要一个可以靠着哭泣的肩膀时，他总会来安慰我。
She sees her elder sister as a mentor, a loyal friend and a shoulder to cry on.
她把姐姐看作人生导师，忠实的朋友和在困难时可依赖的对象。
More than a hundred delegates will put their heads together in Montreal to discuss the role of each country in environmental protection.
上百名会议代表将聚在蒙特利尔共同商讨环境保护中各个国家的职责。
We've put our heads together and reached an agreement on how we should tackle the issue.
我们集思广益，一起商讨，然后对如何解决该问题达成了共识。
If you had put your heads together instead of blaming each other, the dispute would've been settled by now.
如果当时你们在一起出谋划策，而非相互责难，那么你们现在应该已经解决纠纷了。
Fate has brought them together – it is all written in the stars.
是命运将他们安排在了一起，一切都是命中注定的。
The prince and the princess fell in love with each other and lived happily ever after – yet another fairy tale ending written in the stars.
王子和公主爱上了对方，然后幸福地生活在了一起，这是命中注定的童话结局的又一个例子。
I knew they'd win the football match – the result was written in the stars!
我就知道他们会赢得足球比赛的，赛果早已成定局！
Sam, I am sorry to call you, but a major problem with the production line has come to light.
山姆，我很抱歉给你打电话，但是生产线上出现了一个重大问题。
The fact he was the son of a well-known actor has only recently come to light.
他是一位著名演员之子这件事直到最近才为人所知。
Some new evidence has come to light about Mary’s car accident.
最近已经发现一些和玛丽的那起汽车事故有关的新证据。
I went for a walk in the city park this morning to refresh myself after a night on the town.
在外面玩了一晚之后，为恢复精神，我今天早上去城市公园散步了。
If you haven’t got anything on tonight, why don’t you join us for a night on the town? You won’t be disappointed.
如果你今晚没什么事情，就跟我们一起出去玩吧！你一定不会失望的。
Let’s have a night on the town to celebrate our one year anniversary.
我们出去好好地玩一个晚上，庆祝我们交往一周年。
The results of this year's final exams will provide a litmus test for the school's new admission policy.
今年期末考试的结果将是检验该校招生新政策是否奏效的试金石。
My own litmus test for true friendship is whether they will show up for me when I need them.
我确定友谊真挚与否的关键在于，朋友们会不会在我需要的时候来到我身边。
They say the perfect litmus test of a chef's skills is the simplest dish on the menu.
人们说，考验厨师技巧的最佳方式是尝一尝菜单上最简单的一道菜是否美味。
These days, food rating apps are becoming very popular. This is why many restaurants have started to put a high value on online word-of-mouth marketing.
如今，美食评论应用正广泛地普及开来。这就是为什么很多餐厅开始非常重视网络口碑的营销策略。
Folk tales are passed on by word of mouth, leaving no written records of who the authors might be.
民间故事是口口相传的，不会留存表明作者身份的文字记录。
It is said that in a digital world, social media has become the new word of mouth.
据说，在数字化的世界里，社交媒体已转变成口述信息的新平台。
My father said to me before my first speech: “Go and knock 'em dead!”
在我第一次做公众演讲之前，我父亲对我说：“去吧，你能征服他们的。
Are you wearing that beautiful dress next time you go out with James? You're definitely going to knock him dead!
你真要在下次和詹姆斯约会时穿这条漂亮的连衣裙吗？你肯定会把他迷倒的！
Are you prepared to knock them dead at the opening show?
你准备好在首演时让所有人都对你的表演佩服得五体投地吗？
The lost passport was a red herring - the fraudster was trying to distract the police.
那个丢失的护照是个假象 ，诈骗者想借此转移警察的注意力。
The new number released by the sales team is a red herring. We all know what the truth is.
销售组公布的新数据就是想掩人耳目，我们都知道真正的情况是什么。
This story about James' lack of qualifications is a red herring. The real motive is not to promote him.
说詹姆斯没有文凭的事情其实是想转移大家的注意力，真正的目的是不提拔他。
I need my parents' car, but my mum says I need permission from my dad, then my dad said I need permission from my mum. I can't get permission from either. So it's a catch-22 situation.
我需要用我父母的车，可是我妈妈说要得到我爸爸的同意，我爸爸却说要得到我妈妈的同意。这就是让我进退两难的状况。
To apply for a short-term student visa to study English in the UK, you have to be able to speak some English. This is a catch-22 for many potential students.
要想申请英国的短期留学签证，并在这里学英语，申请者首先应达到一定的英语水平。这个前后矛盾的要求让许多潜在的学生左右为难。
We've been sitting down all day, time to get out and clear the cobwebs away.
我们已经坐了一整天，该出去透透气了。
I haven't done yoga for ten years, so in my first session, I'll just be clearing out the cobwebs. In session two, I'll be much better.
我十年没练过瑜伽了，所以在第一小节，我会先振作精神。这样到了第二节，就会更熟练了。
The football team were a bit tired at the end of last season. The coach is hoping they will blow the cobwebs away in the new season.
这个足球队在上赛季末略显疲劳，教练希望队员们在新的赛季能打起精神，焕然一新。
The research breaks fresh ground by creating a new method for classification.
该研究得出的新分类方法是一项突破性的进展。
Professor Watts broke new ground in the field of psychology with his influential paper on teenage cognitive development.
沃茨教授那篇颇具影响力的有关青少年认知发展的论文在心理学领域开辟了新天地。
The co-production between these two countries will break new ground, reshaping the pattern of international filmmaking.
这部两国合拍的电影将打开新的局面，并且会重新塑造国际间电影制作的模式。
A: I can’t believe Jack has been called into the principal’s office again. It’s the second time this week.
A: 真不敢相信杰克又被叫到校长办公室了。这是这周第二次被叫了。
B: Well, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. I remember his father was quite naughty when he was at school.
B: 哎呀，有其父必有其子。我还记得他爸在学校上学那会也特别调皮。
C: How come Sophie is becoming a troublesome teenager?
C: 索非亚怎么会变成这么难管的孩子了？
D: As we all know, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Is she taking after you then?
D: 人们都说有其父必有其子啊，她是不是随了你了？
C: Well, maybe just a little.
C: 唉，可能是有一点吧。
A: So what’s the game plan? Are you planning on a movie or disco night out?
A: 待会儿干嘛呢？你们是准备去看电影还是去跳舞？
B: We haven’t decided yet. Which one do you prefer?
B: 我们还没决定呢。你更想干什么？
C: We need to submit the bid for the procurement contract. There’s quite a bit of competition.
C: 我们需要递交采购竞标申请了。看着竞争挺激烈的。
D: I know, let’s work out a game plan and stick to it.
D: 我知道，所以我们得想好策略，然后执行下去。
Let's start from scratch and see how quickly we can get the food on the table.
让我们从零开始做起，看看我们几时能把菜做好端上桌子。
After their proposal was rejected, the team decided to throw away the plan and start from scratch.
当他们的建议被否定了以后，团队决定完全放弃以前的计划，重新从起跑线开始。
Sometimes it’s best to start from scratch, rather than trying to make changes to the existing plan.
有时候最好从零开始，而非根据现成的设计进行修改。
He built his company from scratch and now it’s a multimillion pound business.
他白手起家创建了公司，现在这家企业已价值数百万英镑。
It's time for me to get rid of my old boots and buy a new pair. Out with the old, in with the new!
我该扔掉这双旧靴子，去买一双新的了。旧的不去，新的不来嘛！
The tech company released their new range last week. I've already bought something. It's out with the old heavy phone and in with the new lightweight touch screen-one.
这家科技企业上周推出了其最新系列产品，我已经买了其中的一款。从老版的沉重机身到新版的轻巧便携触屏款，这就叫革新换代。
We've replaced the antique grandfather clock with a modern one – out with the old, in with the new.
我们把落地式古董摆钟换成现代式的时钟了，这就叫吐故纳新。
Miranda, with her wonderful ideas and passion, is a breath of fresh air that brings life to our office.
米兰达总能提出非常棒的想法，而且她充满热情，给我们的办公室注入了活力，让人如沐清风。
That film about friendship is a breath of fresh air in an era of low-cost romantic comedies.
那部讲述友谊的电影在这个充斥着低成本浪漫爱情喜剧的时代宛如一股清风，令人耳目一新。
His review of the play came as a breath of fresh air after all the negative responses it had met.
在那部剧遭到许多负面评价之后，他的剧评给人带来了一股新鲜感。
Joy: These cupcakes look delicious, but I really need to watch my figure.
乔依: 这些蛋糕看着非常诱人，不过我得保持身材。
Mike: Come on. Christmas comes but once a year, you can diet in the New Year.
迈克: 怕什么。圣诞节一年才一次，你过了年再减肥吧。
Son: Dad, can I have a PlayStation? Everyone's got one at school.
儿子：爸爸，我能要一台游戏机吗？我的同学都有。
Father: Sorry, son. You have had your present already. Christmas comes but once a year.
父亲：抱歉儿子。你已经得到了圣诞礼物。 圣诞节可是一年只有一次哦。
Lily: I'm not happy with Dan. He only gave me this tiny box for my birthday.
莉莉: 我对 Dan 不是很满意。我生日那天，他只给了我一个很小的礼盒。
Sue: You shouldn’t get upset until you’ve seen what’s in it. Good things do come in small packages.
苏: 你先别生气，打开盒子看了再说。 好东西可不在于个大。
Freddy (9 year old boy): I hate being so short. My classmates are always teasing me.
弗雷迪 (9岁小男孩)：我特别讨厌自己个子小。我的同学老笑话我。
Grandfather: You shouldn't. The best things come in small packages.
外公：你可别这么想。要知道最优秀的孩子总是不起眼。
Although what I donated to the charity was just a drop in the ocean, it meant a lot to me.
虽然我给那家慈善机构的捐助微不足道，但这对我来说意义重大。
The amount of money we invested was a drop in the ocean compared with what the company needs at the moment.
我们投入的资金和这家公司目前需要的总额相比只是九牛一毛。
When I paid off £50 of my student loan, I felt it was just a drop in the ocean compared to my £40,000 debt.
当我偿还学生贷款中的50英镑时，我感觉这笔钱和我欠下的4万英镑比起来只是沧海一粟罢了。
Hearing the news, everyone in the room panicked except for Tracey - she looked as cool as a cucumber.
听到那条消息后，除了特蕾西以外，房间里的所有人都陷入了慌乱之中。但她看起来泰然自若。
The exam is in less than an hour, but I'm as cool as a cucumber.
不到一个小时就开考了，但我却出奇地镇静。
The actress was as cool as a cucumber after winning her Oscar. She looked poised and elegant as usual.
这位女演员在赢得奥斯卡奖后表现得镇定自若，她看起来和往常一样沉着而优雅。
My sister agreed to help out on Saturday, do you think I might be pushing my luck if I asked her to stay for the whole week?
我妹妹同意星期六来帮我们，你说，如果我让她再多呆一个星期，是不是就有点过分了？
You’ve had a good run so far, don’t push your luck!
你已经够幸运的了，别得寸进尺啊！
You should be glad that he let you off with a warning this time. Don’t push it!
你应该谢天谢地他这次仅仅是给了你一个警告。别太过分了！
A bit of flattery works like a charm on her.
给她带带高帽子特别有效。
You’ve got to trust me on this: this cream works like magic on wrinkles.
你一定得相信我，这款护肤霜抗皱纹的功效简直太神了。
I soaked my cup in some vinegar and the tea stains disappeared overnight. It worked like magic.
我把我的杯子泡在醋里，茶渍一夜之间就消失了，效果立竿见影，就像变魔术一样。
The course provides guidance for graduates who wish to get on a fast track to a successful career.
这个课程为志愿走上事业成功快车道的大学毕业生提供辅导。
The government is currently fast-tracking large-scale projects that will improve the country's infrastructure.
该政府正加快实施大规模项目的进程，这些项目将会改善这个国家的基础设施。
The visa centre offers a fast-track application service for an additional fee.
这个签证中心可提供加急申请服务，此服务需收取额外的费用。
As a rule of thumb, we need a cup of flower, a cup of sugar and a cup of butter to make a basic sponge cake.
一般来说，做一个基本的海绵蛋糕，我们需要一杯面粉，一杯白糖和一杯黄油。
You should keep your receipts as a rule of thumb.
通常来说，你应该保留发票。
The rule of thumb is to wash your whites and colours separately.
根据经验，白色衣服和其它颜色的衣服应该分开来洗。
Jason is an enthusiastic smart worker, but he can be a bit of a loose cannon. That’s why I get him to approve everything through me before he does it.
杰森是个充满热情的聪明人，但他总是我行我素，行为完全无法预料。所以我要求他在做任何事情之前先得到我的同意。
Peter is seen as something of a loose cannon by other team members.
团队的成员都觉得彼得是一个举止无法预料的人。
She’s widely regarded as a loose cannon by those in the company.
公司里的人普遍都认为她是一个爱招惹麻烦的人。
I’d really appreciate it if you could put yourself in my shoes and tell me how I can deal with this situation.
如果你能站在我的立场上帮我想想我应该怎样处理这件事情，我将感激不尽。
We believe one way to improve our customer service is to put ourselves in the clients’ position, so we can understand their needs better.
我们认为提高客服满意度的一个方法是设身处地的为客人着想，这样我们才能更加理解他们的需求。
Put yourself in her place, and then you’d understand why she was so upset.
你站在她的立场上想一下，你就能明白她当时为什么那么生气了。
Once this conference is over and done with, we can all have a rest.
等这个会议完全结束以后，大家就可以松口气休息了。
You really need to get this interview over and done with. There’s no point trying to avoid it.
你真的得完成这个面试，做完了也就完了。这是逃也逃不掉的事儿。
John just wants the whole show to be over and done with. He is in a rush to catch a plane.
约翰一心想赶紧完成这场演出，因为他急着去赶飞机。
When George had to choose between either sitting at home all day doing nothing or coming out with me for a bit of fun in the park, it was a no-brainer!
当乔治面对在家无聊得呆一天或跟我到公园去玩这两个选择时，我不用想都知道他会选哪个。
This sounds like a no-brainer, especially for those people with language skills.
这个听起来太简单了，尤其是对于那些有语言技能的人。
The offer of a full scholarship made Sally’s choice of university a no-brainer.
那所大学提供全额奖学金，这让莎莉很容易得决定了去哪所大学上学。
We all know that we should never judge a book by its cover, but in reality people do.
我们都知道不应该以貌取人，但在现实生活中人们还是会这么做。
Maria is only fifteen years old, but she is very mature and knowledgeable, so it shows you can’t judge a book by its cover.
玛丽娅虽然只有十五岁，但是她非常成熟，也有学问，这说明我们不能以貌取人。
Taotao doesn't look very intelligent, but then you can’t judge a book by its cover.
陶陶看着不是很聪明，但是我们不能以貌取人。
I think I have found my perfect match, John not only likes everything I do, he also accepts all my faults.
我觉得我找到了我的完美另一半，约翰不仅喜欢我所做的一切，他还接受我所有的缺点。
The cushions are a perfect match for the sofa, the colours work so well together.
这些靠垫和沙发的搭配特别完美，尤其是它们的颜色非常的协调。
This wine would be a perfect match for your steak, it has a mild fruity aroma.
这个红酒和你点的牛排是绝搭，它带有一点点果香味。
I've been racking my brains for an hour trying to figure out where I might have met that guy before, but I just can't remember.
我这一个小时一直在绞尽脑汁地想以前可能在哪里见过那个人，可就是想不起来。
We have to rack our brains every day to think of what to eat for dinner.
我们每天都要为晚饭吃什么而伤透脑筋。
I need you to help me come up with five alternative plans for the project in two hours. So, rack your brains!
我需要你帮我在两个小时以内想出这个项目的五个备选方案。那么，现在就开始好好想吧！
I'm sorry you left your camera in the taxi but it's no use crying over spilt milk. Go and get a new one!
你把照相机落在出租车里了，我深表同情，但事已至此，别再难受了。去买一台新的吧！
Don't cry over spilt milk! You left her and now she is with someone else - there is nothing you can do about it.
现在后悔已经于事无补！当初你离开了她，而如今她已经和别人在一起了，对此你什么也改变不了。
Sarah regrets rejecting the offer from that company in London. But she tells herself not to cry over spilt milk.
莎拉后悔当时拒绝了伦敦那家公司的录用机会。但她告诉自己事已至此，后悔也来不及了。
I wish I could turn back the clock 20 years and be young again.
我真希望时光倒流二十年，让我重返青春。
To turn back the clock on growing inflation could put the country's economy at great risk.
在愈演愈烈的通货膨胀问题上开倒车可能会使这个国家的经济承受极大的风险。
Although Rousseau regards modern society with total disdain, he urges against turning back the clock to times of savagery.
虽然卢梭彻底蔑视现代社会，但他反对人们逆转时间，回到野蛮的原始时期。
I know we've had a lot of fun tonight but it's time for me to turn into a pumpkin.
我们今天晚上确实玩得很开心，但是我该回家了。
Can we watch the rest of the episode tomorrow? I'm about to turn into a pumpkin.
我们能不能明天再看这集余下的部分？我马上要睡觉了。
My little brother usually turns into a pumpkin at 11, so don't call him after that.
我弟弟通常在十一点睡觉，所以这之后不要给他打电话。
I have been doing the same job day in day out for nearly 20 years.
我做同一份工作，日复一日都快 20 年了。
Nathan trained for the marathon day in day out for 8 months.
Nathan 为了准备马拉松，整整八个月天天训练。
The food offered in the school canteen is the same day in day out.
学校食堂里的饭菜每天都是一样的。
The success of the product led many companies to jump on the bandwagon.
这款产品取得的成功引来许多公司跟风。
There’s no way I’d get on the bandwagon to try this new diet plan, I don’t trust the advert.
我绝不会跟风用这个减肥方案，我不相信那个广告。
Many girls have jumped on the bandwagon and are wearing black to be fashionable.
许多女孩都跟风，为了赶时髦穿起了黑色。
The chief inspector said that the team will leave no stone unturned in the investigation.
调查组主任说团队会对本次调查全力以赴，不放过任何一个细节。
She left no stone unturned in her search for her twin sister.
她为了寻找她的孪生妹妹想尽了一切办法。
The researcher left no stone unturned in her search for the originals.
研究员千方百计地寻找原件。
My brother said my clothes were shabby, and then to add insult to injury, he suggested that I should lose some weight.
我弟弟说我的衣服太旧了，更令人气愤的是他还说我应该减肥了。
They told me I was too old for the role, and then to add insult to injury, they asked me to pay for their expenses!
他们告诉我，我太老了，所以不能出演这个角色。更糟糕的是他们还要求我支付他们的费用。
First of all, Jake was one hour late for dinner, then adding insult to injury, he started to complain about my choice of restaurant.
首先，杰克晚了一小时才到餐厅，结果他又开始抱怨我选的餐厅，真让人受不了。
To make a long story short, Peter and Julia got married and moved to Edinburgh.
长话短说，Peter 和 Julia 结婚了，然后搬到爱丁堡去了。
So much went wrong on the day, to make a long story short, we missed our flight.
那天诸事不顺，总之长话短说，我们最后没能赶上那班飞机。
Charlie worked in the record company for 20 years - to cut a long story short, during that time he became the most powerful figure in the industry.
Charlie 在唱片公司做了20年，长话短说，在这期间他成了业界最有影响力的人物。
Xiaoming was born and bred in Beijing, now she’s living in Paris.
小明是土生土长的北京人，现居巴黎。
Paul’s a Londoner, born and bred.
Paul 是土生土长的伦敦人。
Wang Yi is Shanghai born and bred, you can hear that from his accent.
王毅是土生土长的上海人，你从他口音里就能听出来。
No one can be all things to all people. Just be yourself.
没人能令所有人都满意，做自己就好了。
Our product's purpose is not to be all things to all people. Instead, we need to figure out a specific target market.
我们制造该产品的意图并不在于令所有人都满意，而是需要想出一个特定的目标市场。
Many new entrants fall into the pitfalls of trying to become all things to all people as they believe it's the only way to avoid workplace conflicts.
许多公司新职员都陷入了试图变得八面玲珑的陷阱，他们错误地认为这是避免职场冲突的唯一途径。
You'd think a superstar like her doesn't have to work hard, but she's got her feet on the ground.
人们可能会觉得像她那样的大明星不需要努力工作，但她是个脚踏实地的人。
Unlike his elder brother who lives in a dream world, Mike always has his feet on the ground.
和他那个喜欢做白日梦的哥哥不同的是，麦克是讲求实际的人。
They both believe the prerequisite to any form of success is to have both feet on the ground.
他们两个人都认为，要想取得任何形式的成功，脚踏实地是必要的前提。
Builders are ten a penny, but it can be hard to find one you trust.
Coffee shops are ten a penny on many high streets today.
TV talent shows are ten a penny these days. Every channel seems to have singing, dancing or cooking competitions on every day.
相反，如果某人为了一个事物花费了 a pretty penny “相当多的便士”，那么说明它非常贵重。
Wow, look at that car. That must have cost a pretty penny!
Rare toys in their original boxes, unopened, can be worth a pretty penny.
You'll have to write it down for me. You know what I'm like, in one ear and out the other.
I don't know why I bother. It's in one ear and out the other with you. I've told you so many times to take your shoes off when you come in.
I reminded him to pick me up at five o'clock, but as usual it went in one ear and out the other. In the end I had to take the bus.
另一个和“耳朵”有关的表达 have an ear for something 的意思是擅长学习音乐或语言等技能，一听就会。
I really don't have an ear for music. I don't know if something is out of tune or not – so please don't ask me to sing.
She's got a great ear for accents. She can tell you not only which city someone comes from, but also which part of the city they're from, just from the way they speak.
I've just moved into a new office and it's still at sixes and sevens.
The defence was at sixes and sevens and let in three goals before half-time. After the break they were a lot more organised.
We had a burst water pipe so we were all at sixes and sevens for a while, but everything is back to normal now.
短语 knock someone for six 或 be knocked for six 源自板球运动，指某人因为意料之外的行为或事而产生情绪上的波动，如感到生气、惊讶或不舒服等。
The news of our lecturer quitting really knocked us all for six. He was the best thing about the university.
I was really knocked for six when she broke up with me. I really loved her.
Everyone gets dressed up to the nines when they go to a wedding.
At my graduation ceremony, it was interesting to see my parents dressed to the nines.
I hate getting dressed up to the nines. I find formal clothes really uncomfortable.
另一个表达 dressed to kill 的意思是“为吸引人注目而打扮得华丽、精致的”。
Ooh. Where are you going dressed to kill like that? First date?
If you're going to the party like that, dressed to kill. I'm going to have to change my clothes too for something a bit flashier.
Sorry, when I’m nervous I talk nineteen to the dozen.
I can’t understand my lecturer at all. He talks nineteen to the dozen. Someone should tell him to slow down.
It was a terrible first date. I talked nineteen to the dozen about my ex-girlfriend.
另一个和说话相关的表达是 get a word in edgeways，意思是“插不进话，插不进嘴”。
She’s such a chatterbox that once she starts it can be difficult to get a word in edgeways.
There were so many people asking questions after the lecture it was difficult to get a word in edgeways.
If you can get to the summit at sunrise, the view will knock your socks off.
That film you recommended was amazing. It knocked my socks off.
I’ve been creating a new sauce. It’s so delicious it’ll knock your socks off.
Knock yourself out 是一个通俗的表达，意思是“随便你，你想干啥就干啥”。比如，有客人到家做客，我们可以用这个短语来表示“别客气，我家就是你家”的意思。或者当我们尝试做某事没成功，别人也想试试的时候，我们可以用这个短语来表示“随你，尽管试试吧”。
I’ve been trying to fix the tap for hours without any luck. If you want to give it a go, knock yourself out.
A: ‘Can I have a beer?’
B: ‘Sure, there’s some in the fridge, knock yourself out.’
I worked my socks off at university and graduated with a great degree.
If you want to progress in this company you'll have to work your socks off.
She earns a lot of money, but I know she really work her socks off.
另一个相似的短语 work it off 或 work off 通常指通过锻炼来消耗掉吃下的食物转化成的热量。
When I've eaten too much, I usually try to work it off by going for a long run.
I can't believe I've just eaten two chocolate bars. That's going to take about an hour on the exercise bike to work off.
If you want to get good grades you need to pull your socks up. At this rate you might not graduate.
He's not playing well at the moment. He needs to pull his socks up if he wants to get into the first team.
I expect more from you. You need to pull your socks up and help out more around the house. You know your mother's not very well.
动词短语 pull up 的意思是车辆或其它交通工具在特定的地点停下来。
The bus pulled up at the stop only 25 minutes late.
A car's just pulled up outside. Can you see who it is?
The bank robbers were armed to the teeth with guns, knives and grenades.
Before assembling the flatpack furniture, he armed himself to the teeth with hammers and screwdrivers.
She was armed to the teeth for her exam: five pens, ten pencils, two rulers, a rubber and a lucky mascot.
Long in the tooth“牙齿长”的实际含义是说某人年迈，年老，一把岁数了。有时候这个表达也可用来表示某人因为年龄大，所以过时了，落伍了。这个说法不是很礼貌，所以在使用时要格外注意，避免产生误会。
She’s a bit long in the tooth to be wearing a crop top, don’t you think?
Don't think that just because I am a bit long in the tooth, I don't use social media.
Don't worry about him. He's under my thumb and will do whatever I tell him.
Some people worry that politicians are under the thumb of big business.
He may have left home, but he's still under his mother's thumb. He broke up with his last girlfriend because she told him to.
当某人或者某事令你觉得特别烦恼、生气或者讨厌的时候，我们可以用 “gets under your skin 钻进了你的皮肤”来形容这种感受。
It really gets under my skin when people park across two spaces. It's so selfish.
I know she can be bossy, but don't let her get under your skin. Keep calm and try to ignore her. She is your little sister after all.
I was left with egg on my face when the lecturer discovered I had copied parts of my essay from the internet.
The company was left with egg on its face when their latest software was found to contain a virus.
I don’t want to end up with egg on my face so I’m going to prepare thoroughly for the presentation.
”Teach your grandmother to suck eggs 教你的祖母怎么吃鸡蛋”这个表达的实际意思是班门弄斧，在行家面前不自量力、卖弄本领。
Don’t teach your grandmother to suck eggs. Pete has been baking for years, he doesn’t need your advice.
She’s a professional, giving her tips would be like teaching your grandmother to suck eggs.
I turned a blind eye to the child taking the bread because I knew he was starving.
I know you’ve got some problems but I’m afraid I can no longer turn a blind eye to the fact that you haven’t completed any assignments this
term
.
I wish he wouldn't turn a blind eye to such inappropriate behaviour.
另一个和“眼睛”有关的表达 see eye to eye 的意思是两个人互相认同彼此对某事的看法，意见一致。常用的搭配包括 see eye to eye with someone 和 see eye to eye about/on something。不过，在现实生活中，我们更多地将这个表达使用在否定句中来表示人们对事物意见不统一。
My girlfriend and I see eye to eye on most decisions when it comes to decorating the flat.
I don’t really get on with my father-in-law. We don’t see eye to eye on many things.
Countries don’t always see eye to eye about the way to deal with environmental issues.
I lost my shirt on a bad investment. I didn’t realise that it was a scam.
I
don’t want to go to Las Vegas. I’m worried I’d lose my shirt in the casinos.
If you don’t know what you’re doing it’s very easy to lose your shirt on the stock market.
另一个和“衬衫”相关的表达是“keep your shirt on 穿着你的衬衫”。这个表达的实际含义是劝说某人要保持冷静，在对情况有所了解之前不要激动或生气。
Alright, keep your shirt on! I said I was sorry I was late.
Keep your shirt on. No need to get angry. I am going to do the washing, I just need to finish my magazine first.
I’m afraid money burns a hole in my pocket. As soon as I get paid I’m off down to the shops.
If money is burning a hole in your pocket, you could think about spending it on something useful, like some new clothes, maybe, rather than more computer games.
I’ve got a new credit card and it’s burning a hole in pocket. Let’s shop!
Pocket 是口袋、腰包的意思，它也可以被做为动词使用，意思是某人把什么东西放进自己的口袋或腰包里，多数情况下用来形容不诚实的表现。
Did you see that? He overcharged them for their meal and pocketed the difference.
If a shopkeeper gave you too much change, would you pocket it or hand it back?
Until I finish the calculations I can't be sure, but I think we made a profit of over $10,000,000 this year. But remember, that's just a ballpark figure.
How much is the new carpet going to cost? I know it depends on the material and shape of the room, but can you give me a ballpark figure?
Have you got a ballpark figure of the number of festival goers? We need to let the police know.
在财务往来中，短语 in the ballpark “在球场之内”形容数字大致合理或金额差不多能被接受。
“I'm prepared to offer you £3,000 for the car.”
“Well, that's in the ballpark, but not quite there. How about £3250?”
I put in a maximum bid of £500,000 but that wasn't even in the ballpark. It sold for 1.5 million.
Would you mind paying for the takeaway? I'm a bit strapped for cash until payday.
When I was a student I was frequently strapped for cash. Actually, thinking about it, even now I'm working full time I'm still regularly strapped for cash.
I can't come out tonight, I'm a bit strapped for cash.
另一个表达 to be a bit short 也能用来指某人暂时资金不足的情况。
Sorry, I'm a bit short this month. I can't afford the tickets.
Don't worry, if you're a bit short you can pay me back next month.
We went on vacation during the school holidays. Of course we had to pay through the nose for our tickets as they always put the prices up then.
If you order a good bottle of wine in a restaurant you really pay through the nose for it.
Some people don’t mind paying through the nose for brands they like.
另一个可以用来表示“花一大笔钱”的说法是 an arm and a leg “一只胳膊和一条腿”，有时我们也说 pay an arm and a leg for something。如果我们需要“付出”一只胳膊或一条腿才能得到某物，那么“代价”显然是极其高昂的。
Fuel is so expensive these days. It costs an arm and a leg to fill up the car.
Never order water in a restaurant; it costs an arm and a leg.
At this time of year fruit is dirt cheap.
Compared to London, properties in some parts of the country are dirt cheap - but salaries are also much lower in those regions.
If you don’t mind last season’s designs you can pick up some dirt cheap clothes in the sales.
短语 dig up dirt “挖灰尘”实际要表达的意思是去挖掘丑闻、丑事、污点或令人尴尬难堪的事情。
The tabloids love digging up dirt on celebrities.
The private investigator was hired to dig up dirt on the politician with the aim of blackmailing him into supporting the controversial policy.
I want to build up a nest egg for my retirement so I always save whatever I can every month.
Without our nest egg I don't know how we would have been able to afford to get the roof fixed.
I've got some money set aside as a nest egg, in case of emergency.
另一个和鸡蛋有关的表达 put all your eggs in one basket “把所有的鸡蛋都放到一个篮子里”的意思是将一切希望或钱财都寄托在一个项目或计划上，孤注一掷。一旦篮子倒下，鸡蛋将会全被打破，一切则付诸东流。我们常用这个习语警示人们不要为某一件事冒险。
Don't invest all your money in one company. It's never a good idea to put all your eggs in one basket. What would you do if the company crashed?
I get a lot of work form this company, but I don't want to put all my eggs in one basket so I'm taking time off to look for work elsewhere.
My company had a good year. They've got deep pockets so we always have a great New Year party.
It's alright. Choose what you want off the menu. My dad's paying, and he's got deep pockets.
You'll need deep pockets if you want to buy a controlling stake in the company.
另一个表达 out of pocket 的意思是入不敷出，即没有足够的钱来垫付迄今花费的状况。
I'll pay for all our tickets today but I don't want to be out of pocket so can you pay me back by the end of the week?
The pay for the job didn't cover all my food, travel and accommodation expenses so I ended up out of pocket.
I've just got the box-set, all ten episodes. Do you want to binge-watch the whole lot tonight?
Shall we binge-watch James Bond before going to see the latest film?
另一个含有单词 binge 的表达 binge-drinker “狂饮者”指平时并不天天喝酒，然而一旦沾酒就毫无节制的人。
He's not an alcoholic, but he is a bit of a binge-drinker at the weekend.
Binge-drinking is a big problem in many city centres at weekends.
I'm afraid the university has pulled the plug on the plan to upgrade the computers in the library. We'll have to make do with what we've got for another couple of years.
When the viewing figures fell below a million the TV station pulled the plug on the series.
If you can't make a profit in five years we will have to pull the plug on further investments.
单词 plug 做动词时可以指在广播、电视等媒体上为某产品、活动、节目等大肆推销。做名词时它的含义是“宣传、广告”。
He's on four different TV programmes today plugging his new book.
I'm going to be giving a plug to a great new film.
Finally I think we're on the same wavelength and we should be able to work together to complete the project.
I don't know why I go out with her. She doesn't understand me at all. We're really not on the same wavelength.
It can be difficult working here because the two managers are not on the same wavelength, so we never know what the best thing to do is.
在商务场合中，表达 to be reading from the same page 或 to be on the same page 也可以指双方或多方的“观点一致”。
I'm glad that we're all reading from the same page. I think we can go ahead and sign the contracts.
Are we on the same page about splitting the bill?
We must have got our wires crossed. I'm sure we agreed to meet at eight o'clock but Kayte had nine on her calendar.
Have we got our wires crossed? I thought I was working tomorrow, not today. Do you need me to come in?
I think we've got our wires crossed. You were supposed to visit mum today. I'm not going until next week. At least, that's what I thought.
我们可以用 down to the wire 来表示某事直到最后一刻才能见分晓。
This year's season went down to the wire. The winner wasn't decided until the very last match.
I'm having trouble with my essay. I hope to be finished in time but it's going to go down to the wire.
The team aren't firing on all cylinders but they still managed to win.
I've got a bit of cold so apologies if I'm not firing on all cylinders today.
That was a brilliant performance. The orchestra is certainly firing on all cylinders at the moment.
表达 in the firing line “站在火力线上”的意思是某人或事物成为事件或话题的众矢之的，即非常容易受人诟病，常被用来形容某人或某事物处于风口浪尖。
The athlete found himself in the firing line when he said that women should stay at home and not do sports.
Smoking has been in the firing line for many years.
When I told my wife how much I had spent on my bike she blew a fuse.
John blew a fuse when I told him I hadn’t finished my report on time.
The teacher blew a fuse when the student refused to put away his phone during the lesson.
另一个同样含有单词 fuse 的表达 short fuse 形容的是脾气急躁，动不动就大发雷霆 blow a fuse 的人。但是单词 fuse 在这里的意思并不是保险丝，而是导火索。一个人的“导火索”越短，发起脾气也就越突然。
Don't play any jokes on Terry. He has a very short fuse and won't find it funny.
My dad had a short fuse so we usually had to be very quiet and keep out of his way, particularly if he had had a bad day at work.
Hurry up, the player are about to take the field.
The spectators gave the England squad a big cheer as they took the field.
The team was about to take the field when the hailstorm started.
表达 level playing field 指的是对每个人来说都公平的竞争环境。
This business is not competing on a level playing field: our competitors receive large government subsidies so their prices are much lower than ours.
The interview process will be a level playing field. Everyone will be asked the same questions. We will make a decision based on the candidates' answers to those questions, rather than what we already know about them.
Don't fan the flames - the situation is already bad enough.
Such behaviours are only fanning the flames.
The speech seemed to have fanned the flames.
另外，表达 go down in flames 的意思是某事以失败告终，就像被烈火烧尽了一样。而且事情的失败很可能是出人意料的。
The project went down in flames when, at the last minute, the manager cut the budget in half.
Our plan to redecorate went down in flames when the landlord said no.
I wish he'd stop harping on about the website design. It's perfectly fine but he's insisting we change it.
I don't think I can come out tonight. My partner's harping on about how we need to save money for our holiday and I shouldn't be doing things like going out and enjoying myself.
Stop harping on about tidying my office. I'll get around to it when I've got the time. I'm just really busy at the moment.
另一个类似的表达 to go on about something 也有某人重复性地说同一个话题的意思，但它和 to harp on about something 的区别是此人并不一定是在发牢骚。
Why do you keep going on about it? We can't change it, so let's just forget it.
She keeps going on about her old boyfriend. I don't think she's over him yet.
It winds me up when the boss comes in an hour late and goes home an hour early yet criticises us if we are five minutes late back from lunch.
She loves winding up her little brother by hiding his toys.
It winds my brother up if I put my feet up on his coffee table. So I always put my feet up on his coffee table.
Trying to change a headlight bulb in my car really winds me up. It's so fiddly.
表达 wind something up 的意思是“终止”，它具体指使某件事情结束，也可以指关闭企业或机构。
Peter wound up the meeting by wishing everyone a good weekend.
The company was wound up after competition from the internet made it unprofitable to continue.
He got down on one knee. I thought he was going to pop the question but he was just doing up his shoe.
I popped the question in the moonlight on a bridge across a canal in Venice. It was very romantic. Unfortunately she turned me down.
I couldn’t believe it. We were in the supermarket, looking at cat food and she just popped the question. Of course I said yes.
No questions asked 的意思是无须解释的、不用说明的。这个表达常用于鼓励人们提出意见或大胆做出行动，不用担心后果。
If you’ve got anything that doesn’t belong to you, you can leave it in the headmaster’s office, no questions asked.
If you receive a gift from our store you can exchange it, no questions asked.
I thought they were happily married but now it seems they are always at each other’s throats.
I didn’t always get on with my sister. When we were children we were always at each other’s throats.
The neighbours were at each other’s throats after one of them built a huge fence between their properties.
我们可以用 have a lump in your throat “喉咙里有一块东西”来形容因为心情激动，尤其指由于悲伤引起的哽咽欲泣的感觉。
It always brings a lump to my throat when I look at photos of my children when they were babies.
The smell of that perfume always brings a lump to my throat. It was my mum’s favourite before she passed away.
We hit it off with each other as soon as we met.
We both really like the theatre and opera and when our friends introduced us we hit it off immediately.
They hit it off when they met at college over thirty years ago and they’ve been friends ever since. .
如果你对什么事情或谁的办事方式极为不满，并提出强烈的批评，你的行动就是 “hit out at something ”。
The actor hit out at the press for revealing secrets about his private life.
Train companies have hit out at government plans to cut the rail budget.
When I was at school I had a crush on one of my teachers.
I never told you this before but I had a real crush on you at university.
She had a crush on him for ages but never worked up the courage to tell him.
如果某人遭受了挫折，感到心情低落、垂头丧气，我们则可以说“You are crushed by something”。
He was crushed when his favourite pop singer got married.
She was crushed when her team was knocked out of the competition.
I fell for you the first time I met you.
It took a while, but they finally fell for each other after being friends for years.
I don’t want you to fall for me. I don’t want a serious relationship.
然而，fall for something 的意思是被某事迷惑了或是被算计了、上了当，信以为真。
These days you have to be careful not to fall for phishing emails.
I told him no one had remembered his birthday. I think he fell for it, so the surprise party should really be a surprise!
My dad threw a wobbly when he found out I had dented the car.
My son threw a wobbly when I said he couldn’t have an ice-cream.
Don’t throw a wobbly, but I think I left our passports at home.
表达 throw a game 或 throw a competition 被用来描述人们故意输掉或放弃比赛。尤其是指那些本来可以赢，但故意输掉的比赛。
The whole team were suspended for throwing the game as part of a betting scam.
The boxer threw the fight so his opponent could end his career with dignity.
All right, calm down! You don’t have to make such a song and dance about it. You take the remote control. We can watch what you want to. I really don’t mind.
When I made a tiny comment about his driving he made such a song and dance about it. He was angry for ages.
Don’t make a song and dance about it. You don’t have to have any potatoes if you don’t want.
另一个和 song 歌曲有关的表达是 for a song，意思是非常便宜地。
Quick, if you want a bargain, there’s a sale on at the supermarket. The clothes are going for a song.
In the New Year sales I picked up a new TV for a song. It’s not the latest model but it was a great price.
One thing about Karl is that you don’t have to guess what he’s feeling. He always wears his heart on his sleeve. So you won’t have to guess if he really likes you or not.
If you wear your heart on your sleeve it’s easy for people to take advantage of you. Sometimes it’s better to keep your true feelings to yourself.
短语 to have something up your sleeve 的意思是某人藏有锦囊妙计，暗中留有一招，从而可以很好地处理困境。
Don’t worry about the bills, I’ve got something up my sleeve that will solve all our financial worries.
I hope you’ve got something up your sleeve, because I’ve got no ideas. The police will be here in five minutes and we’re still locked inside the bank.
I know we agreed to get a new kitchen this year, but I’ve had a change of heart. I think we need a new car more.
Following public anger the government had a change of heart on their financial policy and decided not to raise tax rates.
You have to pay for gym membership a year in advance, but if you have a change of heart you can get a full refund for any complete months remaining on your contract.
表达 change one's tune 的意思是为了好处而改变看法或改变论调。这个短语多数情况下是贬义的。
So you support the management now? You’ve changed your tune. Only yesterday you were criticising them.
He didn’t like the proposal at first but changed his tune when he realised he would be entitled to a huge bonus.
“So your football team lost again. I don’t know why you get so worked up. It’s only a game.”
“The fact that you always say ‘it’s only a game’ is what really gets me worked up!”
Calm down, there’s no point getting worked up about the traffic. There’s nothing you can do about it.
短语 working up to 的意思是逐步为困难的事情来做准备。这可能是一件令你紧张或不好意思开口说出的事情。
I’m working up to asking for a pay rise. I think I’ve earned it, but the boss can be a bit difficult to talk to sometimes. So maybe I’ll do it tomorrow. Or perhaps next week.
I’ve been working up to asking her out on a date. But I don’t want to ask her in case she says no. Can you ask her for me?
I’m sorry for shouting at you, but I had to get it out of my system. I hate it when you don’t take your shoes off in the house. I should have mentioned something before.
I had a good cry this afternoon. I think I’ve finally got the break-up out of my system.
短语 work the system 的意思是某人很会钻规章制度的空子、漏洞从而给自己牟利。
He really knows how to work the system. He never seems to do much actual work but he’s gone from junior clerk to department head in only a couple of years.
If you know how to work the system you can get away with paying very little tax, completely legally.
My mum always tidies up my house when she comes to visit. I know her heart is in the right place but I really don’t like it when she takes over my life like that. She even dusts the plants!
I know the boss’s heart is in the right place by not firing Mike. But really, Mike is so unreliable and bad at his job that it’s creating a lot more work for the rest of us.
当我们请求某人行行好或替他人着想的时候，我们则可以说 have a heart。 另一个表达 have no heart 的意思则是无情的，没良心的。
Have a heart, you can’t break up with him on his birthday.
This company’s got no heart. They sacked him for being five minutes late. He’s got a family to support.
I always take what that newspaper says with a pinch of salt. They are famous for making things up.
I recommend you take Uncle Pete’s stories of his unhappy childhood with a pinch of salt. Aunt Joan says they both grew up in a very happy home.
另一个成语 worth their salt 可以用来形容某人是个值得信赖的、做事能力强的人。Not worth their salt 则可以用来形容没有能力或不称职的人。
Any scientist worth their salt would have realised that the research wasn’t reliable.
He was lazy, unreliable and poor at his job. He wasn’t worth his salt so he was fired.
Annie is the salt of the earth. Despite all her own troubles she is the first to offer help to do the chores for her elderly neighbour.
I didn’t realize that lollipop men and women are volunteers. They really are the salt of the earth, standing out in all weathers to make sure children cross the road safely.
在别人的伤口上撒盐 to rub salt into someones wound 可不是件好事儿。这个比喻常用来形容加深某人的创痛。
He lost his job and then to rub salt into the wound his wife left him on the same day.
I don’t want to rub salt into the wound but you missed a really great party last night. Anyway, how’s the cold?
I wouldn't work overseas for all the tea in China if it meant being away from my family.
“Would you like to be a politician?”
“Not for all the tea in China!”
另一个和“茶 tea”相关的短语是 not your cup of tea，意思是不是某人喜欢的东西或兴趣爱好。
Beach holidays are not really my cup of tea. I prefer to be more active.
I do like going to the theatre but opera is not my cup of tea.
One thing I hate about football is the way the players always make a meal out of it when they are fouled. They pretend to be a lot more injured than they actually are.
I only asked him to tidy up the sitting room but he made a right meal out of it. It took him two hours just to clear up the room.
The space is certainly big enough but dad is making a real meal out of parking the car. That's the fifth time he's been in and out.
需要注意的是 to make a meal out of something 也可以直接被引用为“用（什么材料）做饭”，在以下的例句中它没有小题大做的意思。
If you came across a tiger in the wild it would probably make a meal out of you.
At the end of each week I just look in the fridge and make a meal out of whatever I find.
I don't think I could make a meal out of seaweed, but I know some people like cooking with it.
I’m in a bit of a pickle. I invited two women to be my plus one at the wedding and they both said yes. What am I going to do?
We’re in a financial pickle at the moment. Our bills are more than our income. We’re going to have to make some savings.
It was only a parking ticket, but when I forget to pay it, twice, I ended up in a bit of a legal pickle and now I have to go to court.
Pickle 也可以作为动词，如果有人说 You are pickled，意思是你喝得酩酊大醉。
He was completely pickled when he came back from the party.
I won’t let you drive, you’re pickled.
I know you’re upset that we’re not going away on holiday this year, but we’ve got bigger fish to fry - I think I’m going to lose my job.
Sometimes I think the police don’t worry about some petty crimes as they have bigger fish to fry.
鱼如果离开了水怎么能存活呢？如果你碰到了令你不自在的情况，你就可以用 a fish out of water 来形容你的感觉。
I felt like a fish out of water at the nursery party. I was the only dad there.
I was a real fish out of water when I first moved to London. I was used to the quiet country life and I didn’t know anyone.
I love my new Ultra HDTV, it’s the best thing since sliced bread!
Some people say that smartphones are the best thing since sliced bread, but for me they are just a tool that people are obsessed with.
Her publishers think that she’s the greatest thing since sliced bread, but sales of her latest book are already falling off. I wouldn’t be surprised if they didn’t commission a second novel.
单词 breadwinner 的意思是养家糊口的人。
Since Dad died my brother has been the breadwinner in our family.
It’s a big responsibility being the breadwinner.
“Why on earth did you try that jump on your bike?”
“These boys were egging me on and I didn’t want to seem to be a coward”
I would never have asked her out if you hadn’t egged me on. You knew she would say no, didn’t you? I feel terrible now.
We had to arrest your son for throwing stones at cars. We don’t think he was the ringleader but some older children were egging him on.
另一个含有 egg 的表达是 with egg on someone’s face。可想而知，脸上挂了鸡蛋该有多么不舒服，所以我们可以用这个短语形容某人处于难堪、尴尬的情形中。
He was left with egg on his face when he spilled his coffee all over the spreadsheets in the finance meeting.
I was left with egg on my face after saying I could do the job in a day. It took me a week. So embarrassing.
Talk about biting the hand that feeds you. As soon as he finished his training he left the company and joined a competitor.
Teenagers are often rebellious and bite the hands that feed them. When I was in my teens I was very rude to my parents even though they gave me everything.
另一个含有 hand 的短语是 to bite someone's hand off “一口把人的手给咬下来了”。听着很害怕，但实际上这个短语是用来形容“迫不及待地、毫不犹豫地答应一件事情或接受一个条件”，因为这件事情或条件实在是太好了。
例句
I nearly bit his hand off when he offered me the concert tickets. I’d been trying for ages to get some.
“What would you say if I offered you the job in Beijing?”
“I’d bite your hand off!”
I first visited China ten years ago and I found the food very different, but now I’ve really acquired a taste for it. I’ll always order dim sum wherever I am!
Ken acquired a taste for adventure when he was in his early twenties. He has been backpacking around remote parts of the world ever since.
An acquired taste 指的是起初不喜欢但后来逐渐培养的爱好。
例句
Japanese Noh theatre is very much an acquired taste.
Have you ever tried the Scottish food, haggis? It’s an acquired taste, but delicious once you get to like it!
Look at those students – they're all in the flower of their youth.
She's still extremely active considering she's no longer in the flower of her youth.
另一个和“花”有关的常用表达是 in flower，意思是“开花”。
Daffodils are in flower in early spring.
Do you know which plants are in flower in December?
The days are getting longer and warmer - I am definitely starting to feel spring fever.
The university library has been very empty lately. I wonder if it’s spring fever that’s keeping everyone away.
短语 be full of the joys of spring 借助万象更新的春季来描述一种充满活力的、快乐的感觉。
Sara has been full of the joys of spring all day.
I am full of the joys of spring.
Look at the state of your bedroom. Your clothes are all over the shop!
Where were you? We were looking all over the shop for you.
另一个含有“shop 商店”一词的成语是 shop around，意思是货比三家。
When it comes to buying insurance, it’s a good idea to shop around for the best price.
I always shop around for my holidays abroad, you can save a lot of money.
The police arrested John today. He's suspected of cooking the books.
The auditors found that the fast food chain has been cooking the books for years.
另一个含有“cook 煮饭”一词的成语是 cook up something，意思是谋划什么事情。
例句
I would like to get my hands on whoever cooked up this scheme - it’s all fake.
Please don’t try to cook up an excuse for being late.
I think Jemma hit the nail on the head when she said that the management lacked inspiration.
Peter hit the nail on the head when he spoke out against bullying in the school.
另一个含有“nail 钉子”一词的成语是 nail something down，意思是把什么事情确定、敲定下来。
He's been looking at maps for weeks trying to nail down his route.
Could you nail down the meeting time and place for our presentation?
Roger has tried to explain the laws of cricket, but it sounds so complicated that I just can't get my head around it.
Everyone was laughing at Billy's joke but I couldn't get my head around it at all.
另一个和“头”相关的常用表达是 it's all in your head，意思是“全是凭空想象”。
I don't believe that your teacher wants you to fail the exams - it's all in your head!
Come on, don't be so superstitious. I'm sure the room is ok - it's all in your head!
I really put my foot in it when I asked where his girlfriend was. I’d forgotten she’d left him.
You put your foot in it when you mentioned the party on Saturday! It was supposed to be a surprise.
另一个短语 to put your foot down 表示一个人态度坚决，对一件事情到底是做还是不做立场坚定，不予让步。
From now on I’m putting my foot down. I expect all assignments to be submitted no later that 5pm on deadline day, OK?
Dad put his foot down and refused to let me use the car until I pay for the damage I caused last time I borrowed it.
Streaming movies has really taken off. I don’t know anyone who still buys DVDs.
The app he developed really took off and made him a millionaire.
另一个短语 take on something 的意思是一个人对某事的理解和看法。
What’s your take on this announcement from the university? I’m not sure I quite get it.
I’m going to ask John for his take on what the boss said. I’m not sure whether it’s good news or bad!
Although Mark disagreed with his manager about some things, he decided to toe the line because he wanted a promotion.
If you want to get good grades you need to toe the line and do what your lecturer says.
另一个短语 to step on someone's toes 的意思是触及他人权利范围，管别人的事。
I don't mean to step on your toes as I know this is your project, but we really need to move it forward today. Can I give you some help?
You realise you’ll be stepping on her toes if you order the cake. It’s her wedding and she wants to do everything.
He’s fancied her ever since they first met at college, but he’s never been brave enough to ask her out.
I’m sorry. I like you as a friend, but I don’t fancy you.
如果把人换成物 to fancy something 那就是你特想、特渴望这样东西。
I’m parched. I really fancy a nice cup of tea.
I fancy an ice-cream, how about you? Do you want anything?
I offered the kids the biscuits and in a blink of an eye they were all gone! The biscuits, not the kids!
Following his decision to lie to the police officer, in the blink of an eye, his career was finished.
We need to round up enough volunteers to help out with the preparations for the party on Saturday.
All the chickens have escaped on to the road. It’s going to take ages to round them all up.
I’m glad to see your revision plan is beginning to take shape. Looks like you’ll be well prepared for the exams.
Once the business plan takes shape you’ll have something to show to potential investors.
另一个短语  to go pear-shaped 意思是搞糟了，砸锅了。
We were hoping to go away over the holiday but that plan went pear-shaped when dad was called in to work at short notice.
I was baking you a cake but it all went pear-shaped when I put in salt instead of sugar.
His poor grade in the last essay was a body blow to his chances of graduating top of the class.
“I’m sorry to hear you broke your wrist.”
“Thanks, it was a real body blow. I don’t think I’ll be able to recover in time for the competition this summer.”
另一个含“身体”一词的成语是 over my dead body “除非我死了”.
例句
“Dad, I think I want to quit university.”
“Over my dead body!”
“I want to paint the house purple.”
“Over my dead body!”
Wow, that cocktail really packs a punch. How much vodka did you put in?
His photos really pack a punch. They graphically capture the horror and misery of war.
Racing drivers risk life and limb every time they go to work.
You’ll be risking life and limb if you go out into the storm to take photos.
I think you’ve got what it takes to be one of the best translators in the country.
He was never going to be successful in that role because he doesn’t have what it takes to manage a multi-national company.
I don’t want to put you off but that film you are going to see tonight has got really bad reviews.
I was thinking of trying the new Italian restaurant in town but after what you said about the service there it’s put me off a bit.
短语 put something off 意思是“推迟、延期”。
I was going to have a barbecue on Saturday but the forecast is for rain, so I’m going to put it off until Sunday.
I see the university has put off the announcement of the appointment of the new faculty head. I heard she didn’t actually want the job.
You need to wake up to the fact that you are not going to pass your exams if you don’t start working harder.
It took a while for my parents to wake up to the fact that their business was failing.
I’m afraid your father has done a U-turn and he won’t let you take his car at the weekend after all.
The university did a U-turn and decided not to expel the student.
另一个常用成语“at a crossroads 在交叉路口或十字路口”可以用来形容紧要关头，需要做出关键决定的时刻。
You’re at a crossroads now. You need to decide what you want to study. Arts or sciences?
Their marriage was at a crossroads. They could either try again to make it work or take the decision to split up.
It took me ages to work up to asking her out, but once I did, I was so relieved that she said yes.
I can’t just ask my dad for more money. I need to work up to it, think about the right way to put it.
如果某人被形容为“worked up”，意思就是他们被某事惹烦了，心情烦躁。
Calm down, don’t get worked up, there wasn’t much damage to your car. Just a small scratch.
He always gets worked up when you ask him how his exams went.
It takes a while to learn the tricks of the trade, but once you do you can make a good living as a plumber.
I learned the tricks of the trade from my father, so I can take over his business when he retires.
这个表达也可以用于贬义，来形容商业行为中不诚实的做法。
Digitally altering photos is one of the tricks of the magazine business. Their models don’t look like that in real life.
The greengrocer always weighs the fruit in a bag. It’s one of the tricks of the trade, it doesn’t make much difference to an individual purchase but over the year it all adds up.
He managed to break into acting after many years working as a waiter and doing amateur shows.
It‘s difficult, but not impossible, to break into brain surgery if you have the right skills and a lot of determination.
Break into 这个短语的另一个意思是“用强制手段进入某处”。比如，一栋楼内或一辆汽车内。
Do you remember when you had to break into your car after you locked your keys inside?
He was arrested for breaking into the school to try and find the exam questions.
I never thought Peter would tie the knot so young. He only left university a year ago.
The film star and the lawyer tied the knot in private in Venice.
短语 tie sb (up) in knots 表示一件事情使人困惑，把人给弄糊涂了。它也可表示一个人的表达不清楚。
He was trying to explain the difference between megabytes and megabits and he got so confused. He really tied himself up in knots.
The idea of leaving home is really tying me up in knots. I don't know if I'll be able to manage without my parents.
Great news. The landlord has given us the green light to choose our own flatmate.
I read that the university has given the green light for the new library project.
另一个含义相似的表达是 to get the green light，意思是寻求批准，得到同意。
I’ve got the green light to take some extra time off to finish my essay.
If you want to go on the field trip you’ll have to get the green light from your parents.
They’ve tried throwing money at the problem without any luck. Perhaps they should actually think more carefully about the cause.
The university has thrown money at the sports department without much success. They need to invest in people as well as equipment.
To throw good money after bad 是一个相关短语，指的是在一个错误的投资之后又将一大笔钱投了进去。换句话说就是把好好的钱扔在倒霉的事情上。
You’re throwing good money after bad trying to repair your car. It’s not worth it. It’ll just break down again.
I thought it was a good investment but it turns out I was just throwing good money after bad. The company still went bust and I lost everything.
I didn't quite get the grades I was hoping for so I'll just have to wait for the powers that be to decide whether I have a place at my first choice university.
The powers that be have said that they don't want the hall to be used for music so we'll have to find somewhere else to rehearse.
另一个表达 beyond someone's power 的意思是“超出了某人的权力范围，力所不及”，所以无法提供援助。
I’d love to invite you, but it's beyond my power. It's my sister's wedding and she has a very strict limit on numbers.
I'm afraid it's beyond my power to offer you a job. Personally I'd be happy to, but I don't have the budget.
I don't really get on with my brother, but I'll always support him. Blood is thicker than water, after all.
John can't come to the party on Saturday. He's going to a family wedding. Blood is thicker than water.
如果你和家族里的人都具有同样的特长或能力，另一个短语“in your blood”则特别适用，它的意思是“天生的，与生俱来的，遗传的”。
Music is in my blood. My father plays the piano professionally, as did his father. My mum learned the violin from her grandmother and I can play a number of instruments.
She's the third member of her family to compete internationally. I guess athletic prowess must be in her blood.
We’ve lost touch with our market. What this firm needs is some new blood. I’m going to start recruiting next week.
I’m not sure why I got the job. I think they just wanted some new blood.
短语 bad blood 用来描述因为过去发生的某事使人之间产生的憎恨感和愤怒。
I don’t know what the bad blood is between you two, but you have to find a way to work together or you’ll both have to leave.
I think the bad blood between them goes back to when they were both at college. John ‘stole’ Rob’s girlfriend from him.
To succeed at this job you’ll need to study the ins and outs of the financial markets.
If you want to stand for class president you’re going to have to learn the ins and outs of student politics.
表达 whys and wherefores 和 ins and outs 的意思相似。它尤其用来指某事发生的具体原因和理由。
He didn’t go into the whys and wherefores but the professor said that next week’s exam had been cancelled.
I don’t know the whys and wherefores but I think Kate and Mike have split up.
I’ve got a real soft spot for cats. I don’t have one myself but I’ll always stop to stroke one on the street.
You’ve always had a soft spot for your aunt, haven’t you? You pop in to see her at least once a week.
A blind spot 就是我们常说的“盲点、视线盲区”。它也可以被巧妙的用来形容某人对他人的不足视而不见。
I mastered just about every subject at school but I have to admit I had a blind spot when it came to maths. I never really got it.
She’s got a real blind spot when it comes to Peter. She thinks he can do no wrong, even when he treats her badly.
Don’t be a quitter. Just because you didn’t pass your first exam doesn’t mean you should give up. You’ll just have to work harder.
I’m going to make this job work for me. It’s been tough but I’m going to stick at it. I’m not a quitter.
The government has upped the ante in the fight against tax-evaders by significantly increasing the penalties for those caught.
The university has upped the ante for students by requiring them to reach 80% attendance at lectures before graduating.
这个表达和 raising the stakes 意思相同。
I think they must have had an argument. Did you see the way she was looking daggers at him across the canteen?
I was telling mum about our plans to go to the party on Saturday and Peter started looking daggers at me. I guess he didn't want her to know what we are doing.
If looks could kill 是一个常用的英语表达。它的意思和 look daggers at someone 相似。这个表达很生动，假设如果一个人可以仅用眼神就能杀死他人，那么可想此人的眼神有多么的可怕。
I can't believe the way she looked at me. If looks could kill!
I did stand on her toe - but it was an accident.
Did you see Anne's response when the professor told her she couldn't have an extension on her essay? If looks could kill!
I’d love to go the cinema but I’m up to my eyeballs in marking. I’ve got another ten papers to get through before I can even think about going out.
I’m up to my eyeballs in work at the moment, so I don’t think I could take any time off for a few weeks.
作为动词
eyeball
意思是用一种挑衅和威胁的眼光盯着某人，或对峙。
I know they don’t really like each other but did you see the way they eyeballed each other when they passed in the corridor?
Boxers usually eyeball each other before they fight. They don’t want to show any weakness.
I didn’t sleep at all on the journey from Beijing to London. When I finally got to the hotel I was zonked out.
After working all day in the garden I was zonked out.
短语 to be zonked 也可以用来表示某人因酗酒或使用毒品后浑身精疲力竭，烂醉如泥。
She was zonked during her exams. That might explain why she did so badly.
The band must have been zonked by the end of their world tour - they were playing really badly.
The film doesn’t start for another hour. Why don’t we while away the time with a walk in the park?
When I was a teenager I used to while away the time listening to music in my room.
如果一件事做起来值得，有益处，就可以用“worth your while”来表达。不过，你会发现这个短语多用于否定句，说明没价值，不值得。
It’s not worth your while going all the way into university for the meeting. It’ll only take about 10 minutes. Let’s do it online.
It’s not a great job. The pay is really bad and it’s only a two-week contract. I don’t think it’s even worth your while filling out an application.
I’ve been tearing my hair out over my dissertation. It’s due in next week and I’m really not happy with it. I might have to start again.
Their performance last week made me want to tear my hair out. It’s almost as if they wanted to lose the match.
训斥或强烈批评某人时就可以用另一个短语 tearing a strip off someone 或 tearing someone off a strip 来表达。
The professor really tore a strip off John today for talking on his phone during the lecture.
You better not be late for lunch again or dad will really tear you off a strip.
You could have knocked me down with a feather when I got the job. I really thought my interview was terrible.
I only entered the competition as a joke. You could have knocked me down with a feather when I won.
另一个表达 “ruffle someone’s feathers 弄乱某人的羽毛”真正的意思是惹火某人或者让某人感觉不自在，不舒服。
The interviewer appeared to ruffle the movie star's feathers when she asked about the lack of success of his recent movies.
I didn’t mean to ruffle anyone's feathers I just though it was better if I did all the speaking in the meeting.
Winning that award was a real feather in my cap. It opened a lot of doors for me.
Top of the class! Well done. That’s a real feather in your cap. I bet your parents will be delighted.
另一个短语 “feather their own nests 搭建自己的窝”带有贬义，意思是“自肥腰包，只顾考虑自己的利益”。
I hate the way politicians always manage to feather their own nests by making connections with big business.
It looks like the president of the company was feathering his own nest while making hundreds of employees redundant. It turns out he was stealing from the pension fund.
I know changing your degree is very stressful, but don't lose sleep over it. The university will make it very straightforward.
So you got a parking ticket. Don't lose sleep over it. It's not that serious.
Sleep on something “睡在某物上” 的意思是睡一觉，暂时不做考虑，等想好了再答复。
"Do you want to invest in my mobile app?"
"It sounds interesting but let me sleep on it. I'll give you an answer by the end of the week."
I'm not sure whether we can afford to get a new car. Let me sleep on it and I'll make a decision tomorrow.
Don't worry, I can do this essay in my sleep. I really know this topic.
I make bread nearly every day, I could do it in my sleep now.
Sleep like a log “睡得像木头一样” 的意思是“睡得很熟”。
It doesn't matter how stressed I am, I always seem to sleep like a log.
It's really annoying, my girlfriend sleeps like a log even when I'm tossing and turning all night.
She really likes her English professor. She seems to hang on to his every word.
I love the sound of that presenter's voice. When he’s on the radio I hang on to his every word.
多词动词 multi-word verb 在英语中的使用非常广泛，hang on 就是其中之一，意思是“等一等，稍候一会儿”。
Hang on, don’t leave yet! I haven’t got my keys.
I’ll see you later. I have to hang on and have a chat with the professor.
A: I don’t know how he got into university. He’s not very clever.
B: Didn’t you know? His dad’s a millionaire. He paid for the new library. Money talks.
I don’t want to say that money talks, but it certainly helps if you want to get something done quickly in this country.
另一个英语表达 money is no object 的意思是“钱不是问题”。
I'm taking you out for a meal on your birthday, my treat. Where do you want to go? Money is no object.
A: If money were no object, what car would you have?
B: A Ferrari, definitely!
I'm going to ask my brother to help put up the shelves. He's a dab hand at DIY.
I'm not boasting, but I'm a dab hand in the kitchen. What would you like to eat?
To dab 的意思是轻轻地触摸、涂抹某物或擦拭液体。
If you spill wine on the carpet, just dab it gently with a damp cloth. Don't rub it in.
Before she goes out my girlfriend always dabs some perfume behind her ears.
I've got to change my job. After two years doing the same thing day in and day out I'm just stuck in a rut, I'm not getting anywhere.
I think my Dad felt a bit stuck in a rut at home so he made the brave decision to go back to university and study for a new degree.
如果某人 stuck on 某物或事情，那么意思就是他 “迷恋上、爱上” 此物。
I'm really stuck on having a year travelling after I leave university.
My sister's really stuck on the idea of becoming an architect. You know what? I think she's going to succeed!
I'm sorry to go back on my word but I can't write you a reference after all. Your behaviour recently has been very poor.
I'm sorry to say the builders have gone back on their word. They had promised to finish the kitchen by the weekend but now they say they won't be able to do it until next week.
另一个英语表达 to give someone your word 意思是 “给人承诺”。
I give you my word that it wasn't me who broke your laptop.
She gave me her word that she wasn't seeing anyone else. I believe her so the wedding is still on.
Listen, you know I've got your back. If you want to make a complaint I'll support you. I saw exactly what happened and it wasn't your fault.
You know I love you. Whatever you decide to do, I've got your back.
当某人在没有得到别人同意或不知情的情况下做了有可能会损于他人的事情，这种行为就是“doing something behind someone’s back 在别人的背后做事”。
I can't believe you went behind my back and told my dad that I'd crashed his car. I wanted to do that myself. Now it looks like I was lying.
When I was young I never had any cool clothes. My friends used to laugh at me behind my back.
If you want a long career here you’re going to have to try not to be such a square peg in a round hole. We all have to work together.
I've decided I'm going to quit university. I feel like a square peg in a round hole, I don't belong here. I just want to play music.
另一个短语 take someone down a peg or two 意思是“煞煞某人的威风”。让某人知道他并不是自己想象的那么聪明或者重要。
John is such a pain. He thinks he's so smart, but it was really cool the way the professor took him down a peg or two.
I
don't like being cruel but I had to take him down a peg or two.
He was over-confident and I was worried that
he was going to get hurt.
I think you’d make a great class president. You should think about throwing your hat into the ring.
You know they’re looking for volunteers for a mission to Mars. I think I’m going to throw my hat into the ring.
另一个短语 to throw in the towel 也是源于拳击运动，但是含义完全不一样。这个短语的意思是因为困难而放弃了。
I’ve tried to solve this maths problem for days but I’m going to have to throw in the towel. I just can’t figure it out.
That was a poor performance by the team today. It looks like they just threw in the towel when they went behind.
DVDs are so old hat. I only buy movies online now and download them directly.
I haven't been to a bank in ages. It's a bit old hat now. I do all my banking on my phone.
另一个短语 'Old hand', “老手”就是指对某事很有经验，很在行的人。这个表达没有任何负面意思。
She's an old hand at social media. If you want to get your message out there, she's the one to talk to.
I'll have a look at your bike if you like, I'm an old hand at fixing them. I've been servicing mine for years.
I'm not surprised John never makes it to morning lectures. He's such a party animal, he's out dancing to the early hours most nights.
I really enjoyed my time at university. I wasn't much of a party animal but I still had a really good time.
还有一种人与聚会狂呈相反性格，那就是汉语里所说的一个煞风景的人 a party pooper。这类人表现得悲哀或闷闷不乐让别人也感到不开心。
Come on, cheer up, don't be such a party pooper. If you don't want to dance we might as well go home.
I'm not going to invite Karen to the reception. She's such a party pooper and always makes everyone feel so miserable.
You can’t bury your head in the sand. You have to pay that bill otherwise they’ll cut off your phone.
There’s no point burying your heads in the sand. Like it or not the exams are coming up so you really need to start your revision now.
短语 bury the hatchet 的意思是和某人“言归于好、忘却宿怨，握手言和”。
I think it’s about time you buried the hatchet with your brother. I don’t know why you fell out but you haven’t spoken in years and I know he wants to get back in touch.
If you want that promotion, you’re really going to have to bury the hatchet with your boss.
If I want to get on at work I’m going to have to bury the hatchet with the office manager. We had a disagreement a few weeks ago about some stationery and it got a bit out of hand.
I only joined the company a few weeks ago. I haven't really figured out the lie of the land yet. I've no idea who I can trust or who the most important people actually are.
It takes everyone a while to get to know the lie of the land when they start university. It's all new for everybody so it's bound to be a little confusing at first.
如果说你 ''land'' a job，那么意思就是你成功获得一份公认的体面工作，而且这个职位往往竞争激烈，很难得到。
Did you hear about Mike? He's just landed a job at Google.
After I left university I was lucky enough to land a job with one of the top law firms in the country.
Have you finished that report yet? It has to be handed in on Monday.
It’s in hand, I’ve done all the research, I just need to write it up.
短语 matter in hand 是一个正式表达，意思是“当下正在讨论的或即将被讨论的主题或问题”。这个短语多在开会时使用。
Right, now we’ve got the introductions out of the way, let’s turn our attention to the matter at hand, the election of a new student council.
Can we please get back to the matter at hand. I know last night’s TV was fascinating, but we really need to get on.
It would be handy if you could clear up in the kitchen, then I can start making dinner.
That's handy - I've just found £20 in my pocket. Now we don't need to go the cash machine, we can go straight to the cinema.
在英语里，我们把能做一些简单装修、维修或杂活的人称为 handyman。
I’m no good at putting up shelves; I think I’ll just get a handyman in.
We’ve got to redecorate the bedroom. Shall we do it ourselves or get a handyman in?
I don't have any printouts so keep a pen and paper at hand during the lecture.
A few years ago I was in my car when it got stuck in snow. Now whenever I drive in winter I keep blankets and a hot drink at hand.
短语 by hand 的意思是 “手工制作的”。
I always prefer to make bread by hand. I don't like the stuff you get from the supermarket.
My brother made this bookcase by hand. He's a very talented carpenter.
John has really raised the stakes in his argument with his neighbour. He's installed security cameras that look over his garden.
Top-ranking retailer Tesco has raised the stakes in the price war among UK supermarkets by cutting the price of 700 products.
单词 stake 也可以指 “股份” 或某人在一个项目、公司中的重大利益。
The government is planning to sell its 49% stake in the rail network.
His company owns a 12% stake in a new internet start-up company.
John knew the answer so he put up his hand as quick as a flash.
The customers are complaining. We need to get more food on the shelves as quick as a flash.
另一个含有单词 flash 的短语 a flash in the pan 的意思是“昙花一现”。
Our football team were champions last year, but that won’t happen again. It’s just a flash in the pan.
The official land-speed record measured is 763.035 miles per hour, set by Andy Green on 15 October 1997 in the Black Rock Desert.
官方纪录的最高陆地驾驶速度是 763.035英里/小时（1227 .985公里/小时）。1997年10月15日，英国人安迪•格林在美国内华达洲的黑岩沙漠里创造了此纪录。
Last Valentine's Day, I spent the whole day ringing round all the florists in West London. They had all sold out of red roses!
Let's organise a surprise party for Lisa! You ring round her friends and I'll send an email to her family.
另外有一个很相似的短语 run rings around，但意思完全不一样，指很容易击败某人。
United are going to thrash Arsenal at the weekend. You wait and see... they'll run rings round them.
When it comes to customer satisfaction, we've run rings around our competitors for years.
Scottish-born American inventor Alexander Graham Bell was credited with inventing the telephone in 1876. The telephone has literally changed our lives and how we communicate around the world.
在苏格兰出生的美国发明家亚历山大·格拉汉姆·贝尔在1876年发明了电话。电话的发明改变了世界，改变了人类在世界各地的沟通方式。
In Edvard Munch's painting the figure is screaming his head off in despair.
When my mother saw the mouse on the kitchen floor, she started screaming her head off!
My friend's baby was screaming his head off in the restaurant. I think he was hungry.
和短语 scream your head off 的使用方法相似，laugh your head off 的意思是“长时间的放声大笑”。
I was laughing my head off while watching the film. That actor is so funny.
Lucy likes Paul a lot. She's always laughing her head off when she's with him.
A scream is often an instinctive action, a strong psychological reaction to fear, pain, surprise, joy and anger. Edvard Munch's iconic artwork The Scream was sold on 2 May 2012 in a New York auction house for $120 million, making it one of the most expensive paintings ever auctioned. The price tag would have made most people scream!
尖 叫 scream 是人类受心理因素影响的本能反应。比如，在恐惧、疼痛、惊讶、高兴、生气时我们都可能会尖叫。艺术大师爱德华•蒙克的油画巨作《呐喊》于2012年5月2 日在纽约的一家拍卖行成交。最后成交价为1.2亿美元，成为拍卖史上最昂贵的油画之一。这个价格标签足以让多数人尖叫！
How dare you show your face in this restaurant after having left without paying last time you ate here!
Mary wasn't keen on leaving her house after her husband's death but we insisted that she showed her face at family gatherings.
I don't really want to go to that party. I'm just going to show my face and then leave.
短语 put on a brave face 的意思是“扮出一副勇敢面孔，装出若无其事的样子”。
Mr Jones put on a brave face in spite of having been made redundant from his job of 20 years.
The British have a reputation for putting on a brave face even in times of war.
Holi, the annual Hindu festival, is celebrated in Spring across India. It is also known as the festival of colours or the festival of love. During the festival, people throw scented coloured powder and perfume at each other. Nowadays, Holi is celebrated as a social event in many parts of the world.
侯丽节 Holi，是印度每年春季中的一个重要节日。它也被认为是“色彩的节日”和“爱的节日”。在节日中，欢庆的人们相互投掷带有香味的、五颜六色的彩漆和香水。现如今，世界很多地区都会把侯丽节当作一个社交文化活动来共同参与庆祝。
You'd better get your skates on, or we are going to miss the bus!
Get your skates on! We've got a lot of work to do today.
短语 skate over 的意思是躲避谈论某话题。
Our manager told us to work longer hours to keep the company in business, but he skated over the issue of extra payment.
Ice skating is great for fitness. According to experts, skating helps improve balance and coordination. The bent knee position means that the thighs are working continuously. And the skater can burn up to 600 calories per hour on the ice.
滑冰是一项了不起的健身运动。专家认为，滑冰能帮助改进一个人的平衡和身体的协调能力。滑冰时的屈膝姿势意味着大腿在不停地运动。滑冰者在溜冰时每小时可消耗高达600卡路里的热量。
Joan towers over her husband when she wears her smart high heels.
The new skyscraper towers over the buildings downtown.
短语 a tower of strength 可用来形容在关键时刻可信赖和依靠的人。
When my parents died my older brother was a tower of strength.
The Eiffel Tower is 324 metres high. It was completed in 1889 and is visited by seven million people every year. It receives up to 30,000 visitors a day in the peak summer season.
著名的埃菲尔铁塔高324米，于1889年落成，每年接待近700万游客。夏季旅游高峰期日客流量达3万人。
They're both amazing swimmers - I can't wait to see them go head-to-head.
There can only be one winner. We'll have to go head-to-head to decide who it is.
还有一个意思类似的短语是 neck-and-neck, 它的意思是在竞争或竞赛中不相上下。
At this stage, either of them could win. It's neck-and-neck!
英语中还有很多类似结构的短语，比如 eye-to-eye, face-to-face, cheek-to-cheek, shoulder-to-shoulder 或 back-to-back 不过他们的意思各不相同!
The head can send a wide variety of body language signals. A lowered head can be a defensive posture that occurs as a result of a perceived threat. Touching the face is often seen as a sign of anxiety and people have regular places they touch when they are worried. Our heads are quite heavy, so when we are tired we may use our hand and arm to prop it up. Sometimes when we are thinking, we may also prop up the head.
我们的头部可以发送各种各样的身体语言信号。低着头可以代表对“威胁”的自我保护姿势。有些人在碰到担心忧虑的事情的时候，会触摸头的某一部分，这 就显示了他们焦虑情绪的迹象。我们的头部是相当沉重的，所以当我们累了的时候，我们会习惯用我们的手和手臂来支撑它。当我们在思考问题的时候，我们可能也 会托着下巴来支撑头部。
Bob's wife is always asking for the moon. He works hard 12 hours a day for poor pay, but she still expects expensive holidays and clothes.
Don't ask for the moon, Mr Jones. Be reasonable, please.
短语 to promise the moon to someone 的意思是向某人答应办不到的事儿，也就是汉语里常说的空口许愿。
My husband promised me the moon when we got married: a big mansion, a flashy car and all the diamonds I could wear. But none of it happened!
The Apollo missions between 1969 and 1972 returned over 380kg of rocks from the Moon, which have been used to help us understand its origins and structure.
从1961年到1927年，美国的阿波罗计划从月球上取回了380多公斤的岩石标本。这些带回来的标本对研究月球的起源和构造有很大帮助。
I'm ready for breakfast. Can I have my eggs sunny-side up and a cup of coffee, please?
Eggs can be boiled, poached, scrambled or fried sunny-side up.
单词 sunny 可用来形容某人的性情总是很放松、开朗和快乐的。
Everybody loves Harry. He has such a sunny disposition.
Eggs are a good source of protein, iodine and vitamins A, B2 and D. They are an important ingredient in many kinds of food, including mayonnaise, mousse and ice cream.
鸡蛋含有大量的蛋白质、碘和维生素 A，B2 和 D。鸡蛋也是组成很多种食物的重要原料，如淡黄酱 mayonnaise，慕思 mousse 和冰淇淋 ice cream。
John is going to be operated on by one of the best surgeons in the country. He's in safe hands.
The new CEO of the company had degrees in engineering and business administration. The staff knew they were in safe hands.
短语 a safe pair of hands 意思同上面讲到的表达意思类似，指某人是可以被信赖的，工作中不会出差错的。
My boss gives me all the difficult assignments. He knows I am a safe pair of hands.
In developed countries, the average weight of a full-term newborn baby is approximately 3.4 kg, and is typically between 2.7kg - 4.6 kg.
在发达国家，足月新生儿的平均出生体重大约为3.4公斤，一般范围在2.7~4.6公斤之间。
He's quite unreliable, but when push comes to shove I know he'll be there to help.
Money is tight, but if push comes to shove we'll have to get a loan.
另一个和“推 push”有关的表达 push the boat out 的意思是“花很多钱大肆庆祝”。
I am going to push the boat out for my birthday this year.
He always pushes the boat out for parties
.
The world record for pushing a car was set by Ashrita Furman in New York, who pushed the vehicle for 17 miles in just over six hours.
“推车前行”的世界纪录保持者是纽约的阿什利塔•福曼。他所创下的记录是仅用了六个多小时就将一辆汽车推了十七英里远（27.3公里）。
All my letters are filed away in a big cabinet in my office.
On Friday mornings I pay the bills and invoices from the past week, then I file them away.
还有一个有趣的俚语表达就是 the circular file。你知道当我们把某物放进 circular file 后，这样东西去哪儿了吗？答案就是废纸篓。
A: What happened to those printouts?
B: Oh, they went in the circular file, sorry. I didn't think you needed them.
These days, in English, you are likely to see or hear the word 'file' when talking about computer files. We talk about 'filenames'; different types of file (doc, jpg, mp3, mp4); and 'file size' in kilobytes (KB), megabytes (MB), gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB).
如今在英语里，你会经常看到和听到单词 file, 尤其是在谈论电脑文件时。我们会说 filenames 文件名；types of file 文件格式 (doc, jpg, mp3, mp4) 还有 file size 文件大小。 Kilobytes (KB) 是千字节，megabytes (MB) 是兆字节，gigabytes (GB) 是十亿字节和 terabytes (TB) 兆兆字节。
At the meeting Martin flagged up the issue of late payments. He said that we hadn't paid our suppliers for three months.
There are a couple of points that I'd like to flag up today: one is the increasing number of customer complaints and the other is the problem with our computer system.
单词 flagging 的意思是体力变若，精力下降。
I worked really hard from 7am until lunch, but after lunch I was really flagging!
The colourful triangular flags in the picture are called 'bunting', and are often seen at street parties and weddings in the UK. The flags have a long history in the UK, though they have seen a particular return to popularity after the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton in 2011.
图中五彩缤纷的三角形彩旗在英语中叫 bunting 旗布。常见于英国街道派对和婚礼聚会。这种小彩旗虽然在英国有多年历史，不过自2011年威廉和凯特的婚礼之后，小彩旗又重新流行起来了。
Jane's on another planet – she went to buy some apples and bought lemons instead!
John really doesn't listen in class; he seems to be on another planet.
如果说一个人 living on another planet 那么意思就是说这个人一点都不现实。
He thinks we'll be able to drive to Paris by tonight – he's really on another planet!
If she thinks we can afford a two-week holiday in Spain she's living on another planet!
Earth is part of the solar system. Our sun's core provides the power. It is surrounded by eight planets: Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Neptune, Uranus and Saturn.  Pluto lost its planet status in 2006 and is now considered to be a dwarf planet.
地球是太阳系的一部分。太阳的核心是整个太阳系动力的源泉。八大行星围绕着太阳，分别是：水星，金星，地球，火星，木星，海王星，天王星和土星。在2006年冥王星失去了行星的地位，现在被认为是矮行星。
I'm going to have to hold my tongue because I keep saying what I think and people get upset!
I had to tell Jane to hold her tongue; what she was saying didn't help us move forward in our planning meeting.
短语 slip of the tongue 的意思是口误、失言。
I meant to tell her she was fun not fat; it was just a slip of the tongue!
There is a history of ritual tongue piercing in both Aztec and Mayan cultures. There are illustrations of priests piercing their tongues and then either drawing blood or passing through rough cords designed to inflict pain.
阿兹特克和玛雅文化里有给舌头穿孔的宗教仪式历史。有图记载显示祭司给人们的舌头穿孔然后使其流血，或把一条表面粗糙的绳子穿过舌孔以制造痛苦。
I'm really sure about some things. I think free education for all is a black and white issue.
The question of nuclear power isn't black and white. Many people believe it is the only way to produce a large amount of clean energy - but many others think it has considerable dangers.
短语 in black and white 的意思是白纸黑字，常用来形容某事被写下来作记录。
I couldn't believe I had won the lottery, but when I checked my bank statement there it was in black and white: one million dollars!
Giant pandas are famous for their love of bamboo, and it forms over 90% of the animal's diet. Unfortunately, bamboo has very poor nutritional value, meaning pandas have to consume up to 20kg each day to survive.
众人皆知大熊猫喜爱竹子，熊猫的食物超过90%都是竹子。不过可惜的是，竹子的营养价值很低，所以为了生存，熊猫每天得吃20公斤左右的竹子才能确保营养平衡。
After 20 years at the company, Simon left suddenly under a cloud.
Money was stolen from Jane's desk and now everyone is under a cloud of suspicion.
另一个短语 to be on cloud nine 意思是对刚刚发生的事情感到心满意足，非常高兴。
The team were on cloud nine after they won the match and the tournament.
A prehistoric monument consisting of a circle of stone is called a henge. Stonehenge is probably the most famous henge in the world. The 5,000-year-old stone circle became a World Heritage Site in 1986 but, despite years of research and study, the reason behind its construction remains a mystery.
由一圈石头组成的史前遗迹被称为圆石阵。巨石阵可能是世界上最著名的圆石阵了。这个享有5000年历史的巨大石圈在1986 被列入世界文化遗址。不过尽管多年的研究和考察，巨石阵建造的原因仍旧是个谜。
It's pouring with rain out there. I'm soaked to the skin!
We went to see Niagara Falls on our trip to Canada and got so close we were soaked to the skin.
A bus drove right through a massive puddle when I was next to it. I got soaked to the skin!
另一个表达 soaked to the bone “都湿到骨头了”也可以用来形容“全身湿透了”。
Alan left his umbrella at home and ended up soaked to the bone!
Wearing wet clothes in cold weather for long periods of time can increase the risk of hypothermia. This is when our body loses heat very quickly and it's difficult to stay warm. If you get wet in cold weather, find somewhere dry, get out of your wet clothes, and stay as warm as possible.
在寒冷天气中长时间穿着湿衣服会增加体温过低的风险。这是因为我们的身体热量流失的速度比它产生热量的速度要快。所以如果你在寒冬被淋湿了则应该尽快换上干衣服或者找到温暖干燥的地方烘干衣服。
The whole team was in a spin when their best player got a red card and was sent off.
My head's in a spin - I've got so much to do, I don't know where to start.
另一个短语 to put a spin on something 意思是某人对一件事加以渲染或添油加醋以便使其处于有利地位或博得别人对其产生好感。
The finance minister tried to put a spin on the story about rising inflation rates by suggesting it wasn't his fault.
Tanoura dance is a form of folk dancing and comes from Egypt. It is usually performed by Sufi men, who spin continuously like the Whirling Dervishes from Turkey. The word
tanoura
means skirt in English.
转裙舞是来自埃及的一种民间舞。表演者通常是苏菲派男子，他们不停地旋转， 就像土耳其的旋转的托钵僧一样Tanoura 这个词在英语里的意思是“裙子”。
Only the bare bones of the house were left after the tornado
. All you could see were the walls and parts of the roof.
So far, you've only given me the bare bones of what happened. I need more details to fill in the report form properly.
短语 close to the bone 用来描述不客气的、不圆滑地或露骨地谈论关于某人或某事的真相，从而让他人感到非常不自在。
You shouldn't talk about marriage when Mary is around. It's too close to the bone. She has just left her husband.
The Tyrannosaurus Rex was one of the greatest carnivores - though not the largest - ever to have walked the Earth. The massive skull of this dinosaur measured 1.5 metres and was balanced by a long heavy tail. Thirty specimens have been recovered, some of which are almost complete.
Tyrannosaurus Rex 霸王龙是一种大型的食肉性恐龙，但不是地球上见到过最大的恐龙。这只恐龙巨大的头颅骨长约1.5米，藉由其长而重的尾巴来保持平衡。人们已采集了30个化石样本，其中一些样本近乎完整。
We had nothing to do for weeks, then suddenly we have all this work to do; it never rains but it pours!
I missed my train this morning, lost my wallet and spilt coffee all over myself; it never rains but it pours.
如果你给某人的计划或建议 “泼冷水” pour cold water，那就表示你的态度是太过苛刻或消极。
I wanted to walk up the mountain but Jane threw cold water on the idea by taking the cable car.
The Wimbledon Championships, held since 1877, is one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world. Wimbledon traditions include a strict dress code for competitors, the eating of strawberries and cream by spectators, and the presence of members of the Royal Family. Wimbledon's Centre Court was fitted with a retractable roof to lessen the loss of playing time due to rain.
温布尔登网球公开赛于1877年首次举行，是全世界网球运动中最具声望的公开赛。温网有很多传统，比如对参赛选手严格的着装要求，观众在观看比赛期间的传统零食草莓配奶油，还有英国王室成员的出席。现在温网中心球场已配有可伸缩折叠顶棚以使比赛不再受到降雨影响。
I'm sorry, I can't write that report for you right now - I'm snowed under with work today.
I'm going to treat myself to a spa weekend. I've been so snowed under lately; I need some time to relax.
另一个同单词 “snow 雪”有关的短语是 snowed in，意思是“大雪封门，被困在家里”。
Wendy rang to say that she can't come for dinner tonight – she's snowed in.
The word 'ski' originated from the Old Norse word 'skíð' which means 'split piece of wood or firewood'. Old Norse belongs to the North Germanic language which was spoken by people who lived in Scandinavia during the Viking Age.
英语单词 ski 来源于古诺尔斯语单词“skíð”，意思是“一块木头或柴火”。古诺尔斯语是维京时期居住在斯堪地纳维亚居民使用的语言。
In the past people used to watch and record videos on VHS, but now that format is as dead as a dodo.
The perception that smoking is good for your health is now as dead as a dodo.
我们用 dead duck 来形容一件事情不怎么成功。
Frank's coffee shop business was a dead duck sadly. His coffee was just awful, and the shop was in a bad location.
The flightless dodo was first discovered on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius in the late 16th Century. Within a few decades they were extinct. Before the arrival of man, the dodo is thought to have evolved to such a large size because it had no natural predators and plentiful food.
没有飞行能力的渡渡鸟16世纪末在印度洋岛国毛里求斯被发现。不过，在被发现短短几十年后，这种鸟就彻底灭绝了。据说在人类到达这个岛国之前，渡渡鸟体形庞大，因为岛上有大量丰富的食物供它们享用，而且没有天敌与它们搏斗。
I'm looking for a first edition of Alice in Wonderland for my mother's birthday. I know it's a long shot, but do you have one in stock?
My favourite football team is in the cup final at the weekend. I think we could win, but it's a long shot.
We could ask the phone company to replace your broken smartphone for free. It's a long shot, but it's worth trying.
另一个短语 a shot in the dark 的意思是“毫无根据的胡乱猜测”。
A: How old do you think I am?
B: I'll take a shot in the dark and say 40.
There are seven different types of shot in the game of tennis: the serve, forehand, backhand, volley, slice, smash and lob. They are named after the manner in which they are struck or the point in the game at which they are struck.
网球运动讲究七种不同的击球方式。它们分别是发球、正手、反手、截击、削球、扣杀和挑高球。上述每个称呼都是依据不同的击球方式或比赛不同阶段的击球方式而命名的。
Tom rolled out the red carpet for his girlfriend on her birthday. He bought her a beautiful necklace and made her a Thai curry with fresh spices.
When the new clients come next week let's roll out the red carpet. Why not take them to that amazing five-star French restaurant?
请注意
另一个短语 to sweep something under the carpet 把什么东西扫到地毯下面, 意思是“逃避或者隐瞒什么问题”。
If you make a mistake don't just sweep it under the carpet. It's always better to admit it.
Red carpets were traditionally used for welcoming royalty and heads of state, though these days they are often used for celebrity events. The earliest reference to a 'red carpet' in this sense was is in a play by the Greek dramatist Aeschylus in 458 BC.
红地毯曾经是专为迎接皇室或国家领导的必备品，不过现在也被广泛用于各种名人聚会的活动场所。“红地毯”这个概念最早出现在希腊剧作家埃斯库罗斯公元前458年写的一个剧本里。
