Many people assume that it's temperature that influences the pain experienced by those who live with conditions such as arthritis.
许多人认为是温度影响了关节炎等疾病患者的疼痛感。
But researchers found that rather than a cold snap, participants felt the greatest pain on days during which there was high humidity. Low air pressure and windy conditions were also linked to painful days. Dry, still days were the least likely to be painful.
但研究人员发现，寒潮并非罪魁祸首，参与调查的人们在湿度较大的日子里感受到的疼痛最严重。低气压和多风的天气环境也与疼痛的程度有关。在干燥、平和的日子里，人们感到疼痛的可能性最低。
The researchers say their findings could help to develop a pain forecast, which would allow people to plan activities for the least painful days. It could also shine a light on the mechanisms of pain and lead to the development of new treatments.
研究人员表示，他们的发现可能有助于开发一种疼痛预测系统，使人们能在痛感最低的日子里安排活动。它还可能帮助人们进一步理解疼痛的机制并带动新治疗方法的发展。
You may be listening to this report just to hear the dulcet tones of some received pronunciation – something like the word ‘something’, for example. If that’s the case, on this occasion you’re not in luck. What I’m proposing to give you is ‘sumthin’, ‘sumfin’ and even ‘sumink’. That’s because they’ve all been added to the list of slang words in the Oxford English Dictionary.
你也许只是为了听到柔和又悦耳的英式标准发音才来听这篇报道的——就如同单词 “something” 的发音一样。如果真是这样，恐怕你这次运气不佳。因为我正打算给你介绍的单词是 “sumthin、sumfin”，甚至可以说成 “sumink”。这是因为它们都被收录在了《牛津英语词典》的俚语单词表之中。
It might not always seem like it, but that dictionary is enriched by the terminology we employ.
虽然可能不总是这样，但这本词典正因录入了我们平时使用的术语才变得丰富多彩。
There’s also ‘whatevs’ – that’s defined as being used in response to a question or statement to indicate that the speaker is disinclined to engage with or is indifferent to the matter.
词典还收录了 “whatevs” 无所谓——对这个词的定义是：它用来回答问题或作陈述，以表明说话者不情愿参与这件事情的讨论，或对此漠不关心。
Unfortunately, the new list has also led to a fair amount of criticism all about the lowering of standards. But maybe the opponents just aren’t fans of Star Wars! The new dictionary also includes several words and phrases from that film epic – lightsabre, Jedi, Padawan and what I’m trying on you now – a Jedi mind trick.
很遗憾，新词列表也引发了大量关于降低词汇收录标准的批评意见。但也许这是因为反对者们不是《星球大战》的影迷罢了。新词典还收纳了《星球大战》中的一些单词和词组——“lightsabre” 光剑、“Jedi” 绝地武士、“Padawan” 绝地学徒，还有我正在你们身上施展的 “a Jedi mind trick” 绝地控心术。
Emperors are the biggest of the penguins, and in many ways the most resilient. They breed right in the middle of the ferocious Antarctic winter, but their need for nine months of stable sea-ice on which to bring up their young means they face an uncertain future.
帝企鹅是企鹅中体型最大的，在很多方面，适应能力也是最强的。它们在南极地区凶险的严冬时节繁殖，但它们需要九个月稳固的海冰来养育幼鸟，这意味着帝企鹅的前途未卜。
Climate models project large sea ice losses, and with them, perhaps, a 50% reduction in the Emperor population by 2100. Scientists who study the birds believe it's time their particular vulnerability was formally recognised, and they want to see measures taken to ease other pressures faced by Emperors, such as the fishing activities that impinge on their food supply.
气候模型预测海冰会大量减少，帝企鹅的数量可能会在 2100 年前随之减少一半。研究该鸟类的科学家们认为，现应严肃认识到这一特定物种的脆弱性，他们也希望能看到人们采取措施，以缓解帝企鹅所面临的其它压力，比如影响它们食物供应的捕鱼活动。
The scientists are pressing the International Union for Conservation of Nature to lift Emperors higher up on its list of Earth's endangered species.
科学家们敦促世界自然保护联盟在地球濒危物种名单中把帝企鹅所处的位置提高。
There has been a staggering transformation in the treatment of melanoma. Ten years ago the disease was considered untreatable once it had spread round the body. People with advanced melanoma lived for between six and nine months. Now half are alive five years later.
恶性黑色素瘤的治疗发生了惊人的转变。十年前，这种疾病一旦扩散到全身就被看作是不治之症，黑色素瘤晚期患者的存活时间为六到九个月。现在，有一半人在五年后还活着。
Our immune system constantly patrols our body fighting off hostile invaders such as viruses. It should attack cancers too, but they can learn ways of hiding. The two drugs used in this trial – ipilimumab and nivolumab – both stop some cancers hiding and allow the immune system to attack. This is not one of those health stories where we say patients might benefit in a decade’s time – this is saving lives today.
我们的免疫系统总是在全身各处巡查，击退病毒等不友好的入侵者。它本应攻击体内的各种癌细胞，但后者能变换花样地隐藏起来。试验中使用的两种药物易普利姆玛（ipilimumab）与纳武利尤单抗（nivolumab）都能阻止一些癌症的隐藏，从而让免疫系统得以出击。这不是那种我们说病人可能在十年后受益的健康故事，而是在此时此刻就在拯救生命的故事。
Immunotherapy is Nobel prize-winning science that is now a key pillar of cancer treatment alongside chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery. It does not cure every patient but it is making the untreatable treatable.
免疫疗法是获得诺贝尔奖的科学，现在是治疗癌症的一个关键支柱，与化学疗法、放射治疗和手术并列。它虽不能治愈每一位患者，但它让不治之症变得可以治愈。
Bird markets on Java, Indonesia’s most densely populated island, are a cacophony of song. This is a trade fuelled by a national passion for birdsong, including competitions where the best singers can win prizes worth thousands of pounds.
在印度尼西亚人口最密集爪哇岛上，鸟市上充斥着刺耳嘈杂的歌声。推动这行买卖的是全国人民对鸟儿歌声的热爱，比如，最佳“歌手”可以赢得价值数千镑的奖项。
But scientists studying the trade say there are now more birds in cages in Java than there are in the wild. This conclusion comes from one of two major studies that point to a global crash in bird numbers.
但研究这行买卖的科学家们说，在爪哇岛上，关在笼子里的鸟的数量比野生的要多。这一结论来自两项表明全球鸟类数量锐减的主要研究之一。
The other, by scientists in the US and Canada, revealed there are three billion fewer birds in North America today than there were in 1970. Habitat loss driven by human activity has been blamed.
另一项由美国及加拿大的科学家们开展的研究显示，北美的鸟类数量比1970年减少了 30 亿只。人类活动导致的栖息地丧失是罪魁祸首。
But researchers are hopeful that the conclusion will be a trigger for the protection of important habitats and migration routes to make much needed space for birds to return.
但研究人员们希望，这一结论会激起人们保护重要栖息地和迁徙路线的意识，从而给鸟类数量回升创造出急需的空间。
The common cold gets us all. Adults can expect a couple of bouts of streaming noses every year. In the UK, minor coughs and colds are the main reason we take days off work - around 34 million of them every year.
感冒伤风，人人在所难免。成年人每年有几次流鼻涕感冒的经历都是预料之中的事情。在英国，轻微的咳嗽和感冒是人们请病假的主要原因——每年因感冒为由的病假天数大约有 3400 万天。
Most colds are caused by rhinoviruses. However, there are around 160 different types and the viruses can quickly mutate. Developing a drug to stop such a diverse and rapidly changing array has proved impossible. So a team at the University of California, San Francisco and Stanford University, tried something different. They targeted the host, in this case us - humans.
绝大多数的感冒是由鼻病毒引起的。但这种病毒大约有160种不同的类型，而且能快速变异。事实证明，想研发出一种药物来消灭如此多样化且迅速变化的病毒是不可能的。所以，来自加利福尼亚大学旧金山分校和斯坦福大学的研究团队尝试了不同的方法。他们将目标对准了病毒的宿主，也就是我们人类。
Viruses are not truly alive - they need to hijack parts of a host organism in order to replicate. The US team found a protein that cold viruses and more dangerous polio-like viruses were dependent upon. Disabling the protein in mice and human lung cells using gene editing led to complete protection.
病毒并不是真正的活的，它们需要通过劫持宿主机体中的一些部分来进行自我复制。这支美国研究团队发现了感冒病毒及更危险的脊髓灰质炎病毒赖以生存的一种蛋白质。他们利用基因编辑技术使小老鼠和人类肺细胞中的这种蛋白质失去其功能，从而起到了完全的防护作用。
The US team now want to develop a drug that could be sprayed up the nose to protect us from the common cold. The researchers say this could happen relatively quickly. Until then, a duvet day with a mug of something warm is about all you can do.
这支美国研究团队现在想开发出一种可以喷到鼻子上的药物来保护我们免收普通感冒的侵袭。研究人员们表示，这种药物可能很快就能研发出来。在此之前，要想治感冒，你只能请一天病假，坐在被窝里喝点热的、养养病了。
The most common form of cheating is trying to use a mobile phone to get extra help. But this inquiry has warned of another growing high tech problem; pupils connecting to the internet through their watches.
最常见的作弊形式是试图使用手机来获得额外的帮助。但这项调查提醒人们应注意另一个日益严重的“高科技”问题——学生们在考试时通过手表上网。
Such smart watches are already banned in exams, but inquiry chairman Sir John Dunford said that invigilators struggle to tell the difference between a conventional watch and an online version, and so a blanket ban was needed.
这种能上网的智能手表已经被禁止在考试中使用，但是此次调查的主席，约翰·邓福德爵士表示，监考人员很难区分传统手表和智能手表，因此有必要全面禁止所有手表被带入考场。
The Joint Council for Qualifications, representing the exam boards, said such a complete ban on watches could be in place by next summer.
代表考试委员会的英国资格认证联合委员会（Joint Council for Qualifications）表示，对手表的全面禁令应该在明年夏天之前出台。
Around one in ten of us is left-handed - but why? A team at the University of Oxford analysed 400,000 people's DNA. They then compared lefties and righties in a giant game of genetic spot-the-difference.
每十个人中就有一个人是左撇子，但这是为什么呢？牛津大学的一个研究小组分析了 40 万人的 DNA（脱氧核糖核酸）。然后，他们通过一个基因 “找不同” 游戏对左撇子和习惯用右手的人进行了比较。
They found four genetic instructions that influenced left-handedness. These seem to work by altering how the brain develops. They're involved in building the intricate "scaffolding", known as the cytoskeleton that organises the inside of our body’s cells and culminate in a brain that is wired differently in left-handed people. Scans showed regions of the brain involved in language were better connected and more coordinated as a result.
他们发现了影响左撇子的四种基因指令。这些指令似乎是通过改变大脑的发育来起作用的。指令参与构建复杂的 “脚手架”，即细胞骨架，它组织我们体内的细胞，最终形成一个构造有别于惯用右手的人的左撇子大脑。扫描结果显示，左撇子的大脑中与语言有关的区域连接得更好，也更协调。
The researchers speculate the findings may give left-handed people greater verbal skills. The study also showed slightly higher risks of schizophrenia and slightly lower risks of Parkinson's disease in left-handed people.
研究人员推测，这些发现可能证实左撇子拥有更强的语言能力。此项研究还显示，左撇子患精神分裂症的风险略高，患帕金森病的风险略低。
One in twenty people is thought to have a personality disorder, which can make them over-anxious or paranoid, for example, and normal life difficult．
每 20 个人中就有一个人被认为有人格障碍。例如，这会使他们过度焦虑或偏执，使正常的生活变得困难。
This study concluded that prolonged high levels of stress during pregnancy could increase the risk of children developing these disorders later in life.
这项研究的结论是，怀孕期间长期的高强度压力会增加孩子日后患上这些疾病的风险。
The researchers see children exposed to severe maternal stress were at greatest risk, but that even moderate stress increased the risk fourfold. Experts say many other factors contribute to mental disorders, such as how children are brought up and any trauma they may experience.
研究人员发现，母亲承受过巨大压力的儿童患病风险最大，但即使是适度的压力也会使儿童患病风险增加四倍。专家们认为，还有许多其它因素也会导致精神障碍，包括儿童的成长方式以及他们可能经历的任何创伤。
The Royal College of Psychiatrists said the study showed the importance of ensuring women had access to mental health services during and after pregnancy. It said support in this area had improved in recent years and should continue.
英国皇家精神科医学院表示，这项研究证明了确保女性在怀孕期间和怀孕后获得心理健康服务的重要性。近年来在这方面的支持有所改善，且应该延续下去。
The woman and her husband Sitarama Rajarao, who's in his 80s, first tried to have a baby nearly 60 years ago, but were unable to conceive.
双胞胎的母亲和她 80 多岁的丈夫，希塔拉玛·拉贾罗，早在将近 60 年前就尝试要孩子，但一直未能怀孕。
IVF treatment using a donor egg fertilised by Mr Rajarao’s sperm worked at the first attempt, resulting in two baby girls who were delivered by Caesarean section. The woman's mother, who's around 100 years old, said the whole family would look after the children.
医生通过体外授精的治疗方法，用拉贾罗的精子受精了一个捐赠的卵子，曼加亚玛·亚拉玛蒂第一个周期就成功怀孕，最终通过剖腹产生下了一对双胞胎女孩。双胞胎女孩的外祖母约 100 岁，她说全家人都会来照看孩子。
India has become a centre for so-called ‘fertility tourism’, with hundreds of unregulated clinics offering IVF relatively cheaply.
印度已成为所谓的 “生育旅游中心”，有成百上千家未受监管的诊所提供相对便宜的试管婴儿服务。
Both new parents are currently in hospital - Mangayamma Yaramati, recovering from her Caesarean and Sitarama Rajarao from a stroke he suffered the day after the births.
这对新父母目前都在医院接受治疗。曼加亚玛·亚拉玛蒂剖腹产后在院恢复，希塔拉玛·拉贾罗在双胞胎出生后的第二天中风，住院接受治疗。
The Royal Society of Chemistry’s survey of more than 2,000 people revealed that almost half have between two and five old gadgets in their homes and most people have no plans to recycle them.
英国皇家化学学会（Royal Society of Chemistry）对两千多人进行的一项调查显示，近一半的人家中有两到五件旧电子设备，而且绝大多数人不打算对这些设备进行回收再利用。
This means an estimated 40 million old devices, most containing elements the Earth is simply running out of, could be languishing in cupboards and drawers.
这意味着，大约有四千万件旧设备，其中大多数设备都含有地球即将耗尽的元素，可能会在柜子和抽屉里报废。
The mines for elements such as indium, for example, which is used to make touch screens, will be exhausted within a century.
例如，用于制造触摸屏幕的铟等元素的矿藏将在一个世纪内枯竭。
Meanwhile, demand for more advanced personal devices continues to increase. So scientists say recycling our old tech is the only sustainable solution.
与此同时，对更先进的个人设备的需求日益增长。因此，科学家们说，回收我们的旧电子设备是唯一可持续的解决方案。
Aida and Arthur might be gaining popularity, but they haven't managed to knock Olivia and Oliver off the top spot yet - with 4,598 girls called Olivia and 5,390 boys named Oliver born in England and Wales last year.
尽管阿依达（Aida）和亚瑟（Arthur）可能越来越受欢迎，但它们还没能把奥利维亚（Olivia）和奥利弗（Oliver）挤下榜首。去年，有 4598个被取名为奥利维亚的女孩和5390个被取名为奥利弗的男孩在英格兰和威尔士出生。
Coming in second for the girls was Amelia, and George for the boys. Unsurprisingly, the name Alexa halved in a year, possibly due to potential confusion with Amazon's smart speaker.
排名第二的女孩名是阿米莉亚（Amelia），男孩名是乔治（George）。不出所料，女孩名亚莉克莎（Alexa）的使用量在一年内减半，这可能是因为它与亚马逊智能音箱的语音助手同名，从而可能会发生混淆。
Meanwhile, in Scotland, Olivia grabbed the top spot again for the girls, with Jack for the boys. And it was a tie between Noah and James in Northern Ireland along with Grace for a girl.
与此同时，在苏格兰，奥利维亚（Olivia）再次夺得女孩名排行榜冠军，杰克（Jack）排男孩名首位。男孩名诺亚（Noah）和詹姆斯（James）在北爱尔兰打成平手，格蕾丝（Grace）是北爱尔兰最受欢迎的女孩名。
This is the sound of a submersible taking divers to the Titanic for the first time in nearly fifteen years. Their footage reveals the bow of the wreck emerging from the deep-sea gloom.
这是近15年来潜水器首次将潜水员带到泰坦尼克号上的声音。从他们拍摄的影像中可以看到沉船的船头从深海的黑暗中浮现出来。
Lying nearly 4,000 metres down in the Atlantic. It's rusty and covered in sea life, but still recognisable more than one hundred years after the Titanic sank. However, while some parts of the ship are in surprisingly good condition, other features have disappeared.
躺在近4000米深的大西洋海底，虽然它锈迹斑斑，被海洋生物覆盖，但在沉没了一百多年后，泰坦尼克号仍能被辨认出来。然而，尽管沉船的部分残骸状况出奇地好，但也有一些外部特征已消失于大海中。
Ocean currents and salt erosion are causing the damage as are microbes, which are eating away at the metal, creating stalactites of rust that dangle from the ship.洋流和盐蚀对沉船造成了损害，微生物也在侵蚀着钢铁，形成钟乳石般的锈石，从船上垂下来。
Robert Blyth from the National Maritime Museum says the Titanic’s decay is inevitable, which means studying it now is vital. The expedition team are now analysing their footage. They want to assess how long it will be before the Titanic is finally lost to the sea.
英国国家海事博物馆的罗伯特·布莱斯说，泰坦尼克号的消逝是不可避免的，这意味着现在对它进行研究至关重要。探险队现在正在分析他们拍摄的影像。他们想评估泰坦尼克号残骸在最终消失于大海前还能留存多久。
No mince, no burgers, and certainly no steak night. Beef is off the menu at Goldsmiths University in London. According to the UN, livestock accounts for 14.5% of the world's greenhouse gas emissions and cattle for almost half of that. That's why the new Warden of Goldsmiths, their word for the person in charge, has decided to take this step. Prof Frances Corner says declaring a climate emergency cannot be empty words.
没有肉，没有汉堡，当然也没有 “牛排之夜”。伦敦大学金史密斯学院（Goldsmiths University）的菜单上没有牛肉。根据联合国的统计数据，畜牧业占全球温室气体排放总量的14.5%，而养牛业占畜牧业温室气体排放总量的一半。这也正是为什么伦敦大学金史密斯学院的新任院长（Warden of Goldsmiths）—— 他们对负责人的称呼，决定采取这一举措。弗朗西斯•科纳教授表示，宣布气候紧急状态不能只是一片空话。
Banning beef, of course, isn’t that huge an intervention, but Goldsmiths is also charging a twelve-cent levy on bottled water and single-use plastic cups. It plans to install more solar panels and switch to 100% clean energy supplier.
当然，禁止销售牛肉并不是一个巨大的干预，所以伦敦大学金史密斯学院还分别对购买瓶装水和使用一次性塑料杯的人征收12美分（约十便士）的税。该学院还计划安装更多的太阳能电池板，并转用100% 的清洁能源供应商。
The beef ban has its critics. The UK’s National Farmers’ Union says removing beef from menus is an overly simplistic approach and that British beef farming is much more sustainable than average.
也有人对此牛肉禁令进行批评。英国全国农民联盟（National Farmers’ Union）说，将牛肉从菜单上移除是一种过于简单的做法，而且英国的牛肉养殖业比普通的牛肉养殖业更具可持续性。
Nevertheless, some companies are finding it profitable to offer cattle-free alternatives and not just when it comes to food. Dr Martens, the footwear company, has announced a 70% increase in profits thanks in part to its new range of vegan boots, now amounting to 4% of the company’s sales.
尽管如此，一些公司发现给顾客提供不含牛成分的其它选择是有利可图的，而这不仅限于食品行业。马汀博士（Dr Martens），一家鞋类公司，宣布其利润增长了70%，部分原因要归功于新推出的 “素食靴” 系列，目前占公司总销售额的4%。
Engineers used sub-microscopic slides of gold and aluminium, arranged in a chequerboard pattern, to act as the tongue's taste buds. The researchers poured whisky samples over the metals and measured how they absorb light while submerged.
工程师们把由金和铝两种金属切割制成的细微薄片，以棋盘状排列，充当舌头的味蕾。研究人员将不同的威士忌样品倒在这些金属“舌头”上，并测量它们在不同液体中吸收光线的方式。
The artificial tongue was able to tell the differences between various whiskies with an accuracy of more than 99%. It could also pick up subtle distinctions between the same whisky, aged 12, 15 or 18 years.
人造“舌头”能够分辨出各种威士忌之间的差别，准确率超过99%。它还能分辨年份分别为12年、15年或18年的同一种威士忌之间的细微差别。
Scientists at the universities of Glasgow and Strathclyde who carried out the research say it could be used to test virtually any liquid. They claim it could help to reduce the trade in counterfeit alcohol, which is sold illegally across the UK and can contain dangerous chemicals, including windscreen washer and bleach.
进行这项研究的格拉斯哥大学和斯特拉斯克莱德大学的科学家们说，人造“舌头”可被用来“品尝”任何液体。他们称，这将有助于减少假酒交易。在英国各地非法销售的假酒中可能含有危险的化学物质，包括挡风玻璃清洗液和漂白剂。
Just over 657,000 babies were born in England and Wales in 2018, the fewest since 2005 and the lowest rate since records began more than 80 years ago. 
2018年，英格兰和威尔士的婴儿出生人数刚刚超过65.7万，为2005年以来最少的一年，也是自80多年前有记录以来的最低水平。
It is the third year in a row that it's come down and echoes a similar decline in other countries, including France and Australia. 
这是该数据连续第三年下降，与包括法国和澳大利亚在内的其它一些国家的类似下降趋势相呼应。 
The Office for National Statistics says falling fertility rates have been exaggerated by an ageing population. The proportion of older people, compared with women who are of childbearing age, is increasing. 
英国国家统计局表示，人口出生率下降被人口老龄化现象夸大。与育龄妇女人数相比，老年人口的比例正在增加。
From the ‘Roman Warm Period’ to the ‘Little Ice Age’ that began in the 14th Century, the past two millennia have seen periods of hot and cold weather that have extended for centuries. As a result, many have argued that the current period of global warming that started with the Industrial Revolution is part of a natural pattern and the human role in creating it has been exaggerated.
从罗马温暖期到 14 世纪开始的小冰河期，过去的 2000 年经历了几个世纪的冷热交替。因此，许多人认为，始于工业革命的当前全球气候变暖是一种自然现象，而人类在其中所扮演的角色被夸大了。
This new study suggests that is not the case. Scientists reconstructed the major climate events of the past 2,000 years by looking at around 700 records, including tree rings, ice cores and lake sediments. Not one single event affected as much of the world as the present period of warming is now doing. Other scientists who’ve looked at the study have been impressed by the quality of the research.
这项新的研究表明事实并非如此。科学家们通过查阅包括树木年轮、冰芯和湖泊沉积物在内的约 700 项记录，重现了过去 2000 年的主要气候事件。没有一个单一的事件像目前气候变暖一样对世界的影响那么大。其他看过这项研究的科学家对这项研究的质量交口称赞。
The scientists involved argue that the new findings debunk many theories put forward by climate sceptics to explain the rise in temperatures, including variations in solar activity. The current period of climate change is mainly down to humans, they argue. Natural causes, they say, are simply not sufficient to explain the warming scene over the last century and a half.
参与研究的科学家们认为，这些新发现推翻了气候变化怀疑论者为解释气温上升而提出的许多理论，包括太阳活动的变化。他们认为，目前的气候变化主要是由人类造成的。他们说，自然原因根本不足以解释过去一个半世纪全球气候变暖的现象。
Anorexia is an eating disorder that leads people to lose as much weight as possible by eating little food and sometimes exercising excessively. For the past few decades it’s been seen as a serious psychiatric disease. But this study in Nature Genetics, suggests its origins are even more complex.
厌食症是一种饮食失调症，导致人们通过少吃食物和过度运动来尽可能地减重。在过去的几十年里，它被视为一种严重的精神疾病。但发表在《自然-遗传学》期刊上的这项研究表明，它的起源更为复杂。
Researchers analysed DNA - the blueprint for the human body - from more than 72,000 people. They found mutations that were far more common in anorexia patients. Some mutations did affect brain function, but others were found in the instructions that control the body's metabolism, particularly around blood sugar levels and body fat.
研究人员分析了超过 7.2 万人的人体蓝图 —— 基因组。他们发现基因突变在厌食症患者中更为常见。一些基因突变确实影响了脑功能， 但也有一些基因突变出现在控制身体新陈代谢的指令中，尤其是控制血糖水平和身体脂肪的指令中。
When most people lose weight there are signals in the body that push back, making us want to eat more. The suspicion is this process goes awry in people at risk of anorexia, making it easier for them to starve themselves. The eating disorder charity Beat said the findings were ground breaking and that rethinking the origins of anorexia could fuel research into new treatments.
当大多数人想减轻体重时，身体里发出的一些信号会产生反作用力，让我们食欲大增。但人们怀疑，这个过程在有患厌食症风险的人群中出现了偏差，从而使他们有进食障碍。饮食失调慈善机构 Beat 表示，这是一项突破性的研究，重新思考厌食症的起源可以推动新疗法的研究 。
Four in ten households in Britain do not have a driveway or a garage. So unless there's an available charging point on a street nearby, and for most people that's still not the case, then charging an electric car without cables strewn across the pavement is impossible.
英国每十户家庭中有四户没有自己的私人车道或车库。因此，除非附近的街道上有一个可用的充电站，而对大多数人来说，情况并非如此，否则，在不把电缆线铺在路面上的情况下，为一辆电动汽车充电基本上是不可能的。
The government has now earmarked funding for projects to develop wireless charging, which won't require cables, and discreet charging points built into the pavement or fitted neatly alongside things like public benches. Money will also go to a scheme to develop a rapid charging station in Essex powered by solar energy.
英国政府现已为开发无线充电技术的项目拨款，这将意味着不在人行道上安装电缆线和隐蔽的充电站，也不需要把电缆线整齐地安装在公共长椅之类的设施旁边。这个专项资金还将用于在埃塞克斯开发一个由太阳能供电的快速充电站。
Britain’s vehicle charging infrastructure is not where it needs to be, and £40m for schemes in a handful of places won't fix the problem. But ministers believe funding innovation will drive much needed change.
英国的电动车充电基础设施还没有达到应有的水平，仅给少数几个地方的充电站建设计划投入4000 万英镑不能解决根本问题。但相关部门的部长们相信，为创新提供资金将推动亟需的变革。
St Fagans National Museum of History might be just off the M4 (motorway) near Cardiff but it is a million miles away from the hustle and bustle of 21st Century life.
虽然圣法根就位于卡迪夫附近的 M4 高速公路旁，但它与 21 世纪喧闹嘈杂的生活相去甚远。 
Set in 100 acres of parkland, it is home to over 50 relocated, re-erected historic Welsh buildings that act as time capsules, revealing the cultural and social history of the country - from an Iron Age farmstead to a 1940s prefab bungalow.
这所博物馆坐落于 100 英亩的绿地上，聚集了 50 多个经过搬迁及重建的威尔士历史建筑，这些建筑把具有时代特征的文物凝聚、定格，展现了威尔士地区的文化和社会史 —— 从铁器时代的农舍到四十年代的活动平房。
The Museum of the Year panel was particularly impressed by the approach St Fagans took to its recently completed £30M redevelopment, which involved collaborating with many thousands of visitors and volunteers to create what the judges described as: “one of the most welcoming and engaging museums anywhere in the UK.”
让 “年度博物馆奖” 评审专家小组印象最深刻的是，圣法根近期完成了耗资三千万英镑的重建项目，包括与成千上万名游客及志愿者合作，共同创造了被评审们称作 “最热情好客、最具吸引力的博物馆之一”。
The Royal Family received more than £80m last financial year from the Treasury, in what's called the Sovereign Grant. That's to cover the cost of official duties and for the upkeep of royal palaces.
英国王室在过去的一个财年里，收到了来自财政部 8000 多万英镑的拨款。这笔款项被称为 “君王拨款”（Sovereign Grant），用于支付公务和皇家宫殿的维护费用。
Some months after their wedding, Harry and Meghan announced that they would move out of Kensington Palace in London and set up in Frogmore Cottage, a large house in the grounds of Windsor Castle. But the house needed a lot of work – £2.4m worth, according to the accounts published today. That money came from the Sovereign Grant.
哈里和梅根在婚礼几个月后，宣布他们将搬出伦敦的肯辛顿宫，并在弗洛格摩别墅安家落户。弗洛格摩别墅是位于温莎城堡内的一幢大房子。不过其房屋需要大量的翻修工作，根据今天公布的账目，翻修花费了 240 万英镑。这笔钱来自君王拨款。
The Palace says the house was in very poor shape and divided into five separate residences. Taxpayer spending on the Royals is always a sensitive topic. Palace sources insist that extensive refurbishment was required. And that only basic fixtures and fittings were supplied with taxpayers' money.
白金汉宫表示，弗洛格摩别墅里面的情况非常糟糕，而且还被分成了五个独立的住宅。纳税人在王室成员身上的支出一直都是一个敏感的话题。白金汉宫消息人士坚称，弗洛格摩别墅确实需要大规模的翻修，而且只有基本的固定装置和配件是用纳税人的钱支付提供的。
If a dog has eyes that seem to be telling you something or demanding your attention, it could be evolution's way of manipulating your feelings, because researchers have identified a muscle that allows dogs to create a puppy eyes expression that helps them bond with their human companions.
如果一只狗的眼睛似乎在告诉你一件事情或希望得到你的注意，那么这可能是进化用它独有的方式在操纵人类的情绪，因为研究人员发现了一个可以让狗模仿幼犬可爱眼神的肌肉，以帮助它们与人类伙伴建立情感联结。
Doctor Julianne Kaminski at the University of Portsmouth says this wide-eyed and sometimes melancholy expression seems to elicit a strong nurturing response. The scientists say there is compelling evidence that this physical change have evolved since dogs were domesticated.
朴茨茅斯大学的朱莉安娜·卡明斯基博士说，这种睁大眼睛，时而忧郁的表情似乎能引起强烈的爱抚性反应。科学家们说，有令人信服的证据表明，自从狗被驯化以来，这种生理变化已发生了进化。
Life can be hard for night owls. Their bodies are hard-wired to stay up late into the night. And a morning alarm clock can force them to get up for work hours before their body is ready.
生活对于夜猫子来说可能会比较艰难。他们的身体天生就会熬夜。早晨的闹钟总是迫使他们在自己身体准备好之前起床工作。
The study looked at 21 people who were regularly going to bed after 2am. They were instructed to get up and go to bed at the same times every day, do so hours earlier than usual, get loads of sunlight in the morning and have fixed meal times.
这项研究对21名经常在凌晨两点以后睡觉的人进行了跟踪调查。研究人员要求他们每天在相同的时间起床和睡觉 —— 这比平时早几个小时，上午多晒太阳，用餐时间也要固定。
On average people shifted their body clocks two hours earlier, were getting the same total shuteye but were reporting lower levels of sleepiness, stress and depression. The researchers said their methods may seem like obvious advice for good sleep hygiene, but they were surprised how effective such relatively simple strategies were.
平均来看，他们的生物钟提前了两个小时，总体睡眠时间和以往相同，但困倦、压力和抑郁的程度有所降低。研究人员说，虽然他们的方法看似是对养成良好睡眠卫生习惯最直白的建议，但他们对这个相对简单的方法的效果感到惊讶。
They were young men when they wrote their last letters home before boarding ships and landing craft for a cross-Channel journey into the unknown. Now, they're returning – honouring the thousands who never came back and who lie in the cemeteries of Normandy. Seven thousand vessels landed over a hundred and thirty thousand British, Canadian and U.S. troops on five D-Day beaches.
当年他们都是年轻的小伙子，在登上船只和登陆艇前往一切未卜的英吉利海峡之前，给家里写下了最后一封信。现在，他们将重返诺曼底，向数千名再也没有回来、埋葬在诺曼底墓地的士兵致敬。7000 艘船只，载着超过 13 万人的英国、加拿大和美国部队在 “D日” 的五个海滩登陆。
This will be the last time many veterans are able to share those memories. Aged between 90 and 101, those aboard the Boudicca are determined to make the most of it.
这将是许多老兵最后一次分享他们回忆的机会。即将搭乘 “MV 布狄卡（MV Boudicca）” 号游轮的这些年龄在90岁到101岁之间的老兵们决心充分利用这次机会，回忆当年抗战点滴。
The government has strict rules for the recruitment of skilled workers from outside the European Economic Area, but those restrictions are relaxed for jobs which are placed on the shortage occupation list because they're difficult to fill.
英国政府对招聘来自欧洲经济区以外的专业技术类工作者有严格的规定，但对于那些由于难以填补而被列入短缺职业名单的工作，这些限制可被放宽。
The Migration Advisory Committee says the list should be widened to cover nine percent of jobs in the labour market, compared to one per cent now. Among the reasons it gives are lower unemployment, a rising number of vacancies and a reduction in the supply of workers from within the EU.
英国移民咨询委员会表示，这个名单应相应扩大，以涵盖劳动力市场中9%的就业岗位，而目前此比例仅为1%。咨询委员会列出的原因包括失业率下降、职位空缺增多以及欧盟内部劳动力供应减少。
The UK's first public letterboxes began appearing in the early 1850s but were only produced in bright red about 20 years later.
英国首批公共信箱出现于 1850 年代初，推出大约 20 年后才被改成亮红色的。
That design has remained almost unchanged, until now.
当初的设计一直被延续至今，几乎未作改变。
After a pilot last year, the Post Office has decided to roll out new wide-mouth boxes which can take parcels.
经过去年的试点，英国邮政局决定推出可收包裹的新型宽口邮筒。
1,400 of the new boxes will be installed at 30 locations across the UK, including in Aberdeen and Cardiff, Belfast and Truro.
1400 个新邮筒将被安装在英国上下 30 个地点，包括阿伯丁，卡迪夫，贝尔法斯特和特鲁罗。
The research team highlights what it describes as the alarming resurgence of measles in recent years. This is linked to misleading campaigns claiming vaccinations are potentially dangerous.
研究团队强调近年来麻疹病例数量的回升令他们感到担忧。这与声称疫苗有潜在危险的误导性宣传有关。
The disease is extremely contagious and can lead to infections of the brain and lungs which can be fatal.
该病传染性极强，可导致脑部和肺部感染，甚至致命。
In this country (the UK) where vaccinations are optional, two separate injections are given for measles. But the researchers say this voluntary vaccine programme is not enough to protect the population from further outbreaks.
在英国，接种疫苗不是强制性的，麻疹疫苗分两次接种。但研究人员们表示，这项自愿接种疫苗的方案并不足以保护民众免受进一步疫情的影响。
The Government wants three quarters of students to be taking a modern language GCSE by 2022. Yet entries for them in England have nearly halved over the past 15 years. There’ve been similar steep declines in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. 
英格兰政府希望到 2022 年，四分之三的学生能参加GCSE（英国普通初级中学毕业文凭）现代语言科目的考试。然而，在过去 15 年里，现代语言科目的考生人数几乎减少了一半。苏格兰、威尔士和北爱尔兰的考生人数也出现了急剧下降。
152 academics from 36 universities have now written to The Guardian (newspaper) arguing it's because languages exams are harder and more stressful than other subjects. ‘Where’s the incentive to choose a language if you're systematically made to feel rubbish at it?’ the signatories ask.
来自 36 所大学的 152 名学者给《卫报》写信称，这是因为语言考试比其它科目更难，压力更大。学者们问道：“如果一门语言让你觉得自己一无是处，那么选择它的动机何在？”
They also accuse England's exam regulator Ofqual of ignoring evidence about severe and unreliable grading and inadequate assessment statistics which they say are driving demoralised learners and teachers out of languages. Ofqual says it takes their concerns seriously, and a comprehensive review of grading standards is already under way.
他们还指责英格兰资格及考试监督办公室（Ofqual）忽视摆在眼前的证据，包括苛刻且不可靠的评分体系，以及糟糕的评估统计数据。他们说，这正是把意志消沉的学生和教师赶出语言学习大门之外的原因。英格兰资格及考试监督办公室表示，会认真严肃地对待学者们的担忧，对评分标准的全面审查已经开始。
The researchers analysed data on more than 17,000 children up to the age of 14, alongside reports from parents on their children's emotional wellbeing. From the age of seven, the study found obesity and emotional problems, such as feelings of anxiety and low mood, were closely linked and gradually increased throughout childhood.
研究人员们分析了 1.7 万多名 14 岁以下儿童的数据，同时分析了家长对孩子心理健康状况的报告。研究发现，从 7 岁开始，肥胖与焦虑、情绪低落等情绪问题之间的联系非常紧密，而且这种联系在整个童年时期逐渐加深。
Girls tended to have a higher body mass index and more emotional problems than boys. The findings suggest that the causes of obesity are complex and telling children to eat less and exercise more, may not be enough to reduce childhood obesity on its own.
女孩子的体重指数往往高于男孩子，也有更多的情绪问题。研究结果显示，导致肥胖的原因是复杂的，而只靠提醒孩子们少吃多运动，可能不足以减少儿童肥胖。
Every year between December and June, thousands of green sea turtles migrate. They go to Ascension Island to nest - females crawling ashore to lay their eggs in the sand. Because of the remote location and cost of research though, scientists still do not understand exactly how they get there.   每年12月到次年6月，成千上万只绿海龟迁徙。它们游到阿森松岛搭窝：雌龟爬上岸，在沙滩上挖坑产卵。然而，由于地点偏远和研究成本高昂，科学家们仍不清楚它们是如何到达那里的。
Now they've developed a model which simulates part of that arduous journey. What the scientists found is that the species uses a range of weak cues rather than a few strong ones, which could lead them off course. It makes sense - as relying on a single navigating cue, such as an inbuilt compass, could render them sensitive to change.   现在，他们研发出了一个模型来模拟绿海龟的那段艰辛征程。科学家们发现，该物种使用一系列微弱的线索来辨别方向，而不是靠可能引导它们偏离航线的大线索。这是有道理的，因为依靠单一的线索来定向，比如其体内的生物罗盘，可能使它们对变化十分敏感。
The scientists say that understanding how fish, animals and birds navigate could help them figure out how to protect those that are endangered, as well as what factors might affect their behaviour.
科学家们说，了解鱼、兽和鸟类的定向方式可以帮助他们弄清楚如何保护濒危动物以及哪些因素可能影响这些动物的行为。
A black hole is an object that has such a large gravitational pull, not even light can escape. It devours all that comes in its vicinity. The one photograph measures 25 billion miles across – that’s three million times the size of the Earth.
黑洞是一种引力极强的天体，连光都无法逃脱。它能吞噬一切邻近的物质。这张照片中的黑洞直径为 250 亿英里，是地球的 300 万倍。
The image shows an intensely white ring of fire. The lower half is considerably brighter, creating the impression of a smile amid the darkness of the cosmos. It's caused by superheated gas falling into the hole and is brighter than all the billions of other stars in the galaxy combined.
这张图像展现了一圈强烈的白色火环。光环的下半圈明显亮得多，宛如黑暗宇宙中的一抹微笑。这是由过热的气体落入黑洞而造成的，它比该星系内数十亿恒星加起来还要明亮。
The ring surrounds a dark circle, which is the black hole itself. The image matches what theoretical physicists and indeed Hollywood directors, imagine black holes to look like. But having their first real picture will enable researchers to learn more about the nature of space and time and ultimately our own existence.
光环围绕着一个暗圈，它是黑洞本体。这张图像与理论物理学家甚至一些好莱坞导演想象的样子相符。但有了第一张黑洞的真实照片，研究人员们可以进一步探究时空的本质，并最终了解我们自身的存在。
The number of children who have not been receiving education in schools in England has more than doubled in five years, to around 60,000. There are many reasons for leaving mainstream education, including a lack of support for special needs, religious reasons or purely out of personal choice, but some of these children are not visible to local authorities.
在英格兰，没有接受在校教育的儿童人数在五年内翻了一番多，达到六万人左右。离开主流教育有诸多原因，包括缺乏对有特殊需求儿童的支持、宗教原因或单纯出于个人选择，但其中有一些儿童教育的选择并不在当地相关部门的管控范围之内。
The government is now proposing setting up a new register for all children not studying in school. The aim is to help councils intervene when a child's education hasn't been up to scratch or to identify those at risk of harm.
政府现提议为所有不在学校学习的儿童建立一个新的注册登记簿。目的是帮助当地相关部门在孩子的教育水平达不到标准或儿童有被伤害的风险时，进行干预。
Ofsted [Office for Standards in Education] has said the proposals are a step in the right direction. But some parents who home-educate their children claim the register would be an unwanted intrusion into their lives.
英国教育标准局表示，这些提议朝着正确的方向迈出了一步。但有一些在家教育子女的家长称，这种注册登记会对他们的生活带来不需要的侵扰。
Rogue waves can reach more than 30 metres high and at their worst can sink ships and sweep people out to sea.
“超级巨浪” 最高可达 30 多米，最猛烈的海浪可击沉船只、把船员卷入海中。
To better understand how and when they might strike, scientists looked at 20 years of data collected along the west coast of America. Over this period, the frequency of these waves decreased slightly. But when they did appear, they were growing in size.
为深入了解它们突然出现的原理和时间，科学家们对从美国西海岸采集到的 20 年来的数据进行了研究。在此期间，这类海浪出现的频率略有下降。但每次出现时，波浪的大小在逐渐增长。
This was especially marked during the winter, where the waves intensified, increasing in height and occurring more often in calmer seas. These trends may be local to this area but the researchers now want to find out what’s driving these variations and to see how they're related to climate change.
这一现象在冬天尤为明显：海浪的威力加强、高度上升，在更平静的海况中出现的频次也有所增加。上述趋势可能只是该地区的局部现象，但现在研究人员们想找出推动这些变化的原因，并弄清超级巨浪与气候变化之间的联系。
The waves pose a serious risk for the global shipping industry and scientists say more data is now needed from around the rest of the world to help predict when and where these waves could strike.
这类海浪对全球海运行业构成严重的威胁，科学家们表示，现在他们需要世界其它地区提供更多数据，以帮助预测巨浪侵袭的时间及地点。
Rain falls on the tent of scientist Jason Box. He's camped on the Greenland ice sheet. The usual pattern is that ice melts in the summer and is restored by fresh snow in the winter. But temperatures in the Arctic are rising twice as fast as the rest of the planet and Professor Box believes there’ll be more rain in future.
雨水落在了科学家杰森·博克斯的帐篷上。他在格陵兰冰盖上扎了营。这里正常的气候模式是：夏季冰川融化，冬季新雪结冰，恢复原状。但北极地区的气温上升速度是地球其它地区的两倍，博克斯教授认为未来还会有更多的降雨。
A big surprise in this latest study is that rain can fall not only in summer but also in winter, when the polar night would normally mean temperatures are well below zero. The reason is that warm, moist air occasionally flows up from the Atlantic bringing rain, and this is happening more often.
在这项最新研究中，一个令人非常意外的发现是，不仅夏季有雨，冬季也下雨，而且冬季的极地夜晚意味着气温通常远低于零度。因为温暖、湿润的空气会偶尔从大西洋刮来，带来雨水，而且这种现象愈加频繁。
Although rain falling in winter will quickly refreeze, it’ll change the surface, making it darker and smoother, which means that in the following summer the ice will be likelier to melt.
虽然冬天的雨水会迅速再次结冰，但降雨会改变冰面，使其颜色更黑、质地更滑，这意味着在接下来的夏天里，冰川将更易融化。
This matters because the Greenland ice sheet is so large that if all of it melted the global sea level would rise by seven metres - around 20 feet. No one is suggesting that could happen soon. But the fear is that even a slight increase in melting could threaten coastal cities around the world.
这很重要，因为格陵兰冰盖十分巨大，如果它全部融化，那么全球海平面将上升七米，约 20 英尺。没有人认为这种情况将很快到来。但令人担忧的是，即使融化的速度稍有增加，也可能会给世界各地的沿海城市带来威胁。
叫车应用软件公司优步（Uber）发布了一份报告，报告中列出了乘客落在出租车后座上的一些稀奇古怪的和常见的物品。
This week, Uber announced its annual lost-and-found index. It takes the data gathered when customers report a lost item through the app and offers us a snapshot of their most commonly lost and most unusual forgotten items. So phones, cameras, keys, IDs. They're all expectedly amongst the most common.
本周，优步发布了年度失物招领报告。它收集了乘客通过应用程序报告遗失的物品时的数据，并给出了人们最常遗失的和最特别的遗忘物品清单。在意料之中，手机、照相机、钥匙、证件都是人们最常落下的物品。
But after that it gets a bit weirder. Here are just some of the more unique items people have lost over the last 12 months: a photo of a New Year's kiss, two packs of Italian sausages, a fish tank, an Elvis cape with jewels on, a bird, a Harry Potter magic wand, the head of a salmon, an eight-week-old chihuahua, a pack of hair and a hairbrush shaped like a foot.
但除了这些以外，还有更奇怪的物品。下面列举了一些人们在过去的十二个月里遗漏的更独特的物品：一张新年时接吻的照片，两包意大利香肠，一个鱼缸，一件镶有珠宝的 “猫王” 披肩，一只鸟，一根哈利·波特的魔杖，一个鲑鱼头，一只八周大的吉娃娃狗，一包头发和一把脚形状的梳子。
And while you process all of that, the index also shows us when and where their customers are most forgetful. The worst offenders live in east Alabama, New Mexico and Tennessee. Whilst the most common time to lose an item is on a Saturday or Sunday night between 10pm and 1am. And it doesn't stop there. According to Uber, people are most likely to lose watches on a Monday, passports on a Friday and cakes on a Sunday.
你先慢慢消化一下这些信息，这个报告也告诉了我们优步的乘客在何时、何地是最健忘的。生活在阿拉巴马东部、新墨西哥州和田纳西州的人最健忘。人们在星期六和星期天晚 10 点到凌晨 1 点这段时间最容易遗漏东西。而且还不止于此，优步称，人们最容易在星期一遗漏手表，在星期五遗漏护照，在星期日遗漏蛋糕。
Parkinson's causes parts of the brain to become progressively damaged, resulting in a range of symptoms such as involuntary shaking and stiff, inflexible muscles. Now British scientists have, for the first time, given a protein called GDNF directly into the brain in the hope that it could regenerate dying cells and even reverse the condition.
帕金森病导致部分大脑逐渐受损，引发一系列症状，比如无意识的颤抖和肌肉僵硬、不灵活等。现在，英国科学家首次将一种名为 “胶质细胞源性神经营养因子” 的蛋白质直接注入大脑，希望这样做可以让濒死的细胞再生，甚至逆转病情。
41 participants underwent robot-assisted surgery to have four tubes screwed into their brains, which allowed GDNF to be infused to the affected areas with pinpoint accuracy via a port in their head.
41 名参与者接受了机器人辅助手术，手术将四根导管插入大脑，这使得胶质细胞源性神经营养因子通过头部的开口极其精确地注入病变区域。
In the study, some patients received the protein and others received a placebo. Both groups showed improved symptoms, so it's not clear if the protein was responsible for the benefits. However, scans did find evidence of improvement to affected areas of the brain in those given GDNF.
在这项研究中，给一些患者注入了蛋白质，而给另一些患者使用了安慰剂。两组患者的症状均有所改善，所以目前还不清楚这是不是蛋白质起到的作用。但脑部扫描结果的确显示，在那些给予蛋白质的患者中，脑内的病变区域得到了改善。
Researchers hope that further trials could look at increasing the doses of GDNF for the duration of treatment. While this is far from a cure for those with Parkinson's, it may provide some hope to the millions of sufferers around the world.
研究者们希望进一步的试验可以着眼于在治疗期间增加胶质细胞源性神经营养因子的剂量。尽管这还远远不能治愈帕金森病患者，但它或许能给世界各地数百万帕金森患者带来一丝希望。
They were extinct for 400 years, but beavers were illegally released in Tayside in the first part of this century.
河狸本已在苏格兰消失了四百年，但在本世纪上半叶，河狸在泰赛德市被非法放生。
Their population has grown rapidly to more than 400 and many farmers have complained about their dams flooding prime agricultural land.
它们的总数量已经快速增长到了 400 多只，而且很多农民已经就河狸筑坝，淹没优质农业用地的问题进行了投诉。
But after ministers decided against a cull, they've now made moves to protect them. That will make it an offence to kill, injure or capture beavers without a licence.
但相关部门大臣决定不允许对它们进行选择性宰杀，并已采取措施保护这个物种。这意味着无执照宰杀、伤害及捕捉河狸将会是一种违法行为。
Farming leaders have said they need to be controlled effectively. Scottish Natural Heritage is expected to publish guidance on how that can be achieved in the coming weeks.
农民代表们说，应有效地控制河狸的数量。预计苏格兰自然遗产署将在接下来的几周内公布如何实现有效控制河狸数量的指导方针。
Breakdancing featured at the Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires last year. But the organisers of the Paris Games have now nominated it to be one of their chosen sports for 2024.
霹雳舞是去年布宜诺斯艾利斯青年奥林匹克运动会上的特别项目。但巴黎奥组委现已推荐它成为 2024 年的特选运动。
Surfing, skateboarding and sport climbing are also expected to feature alongside the more traditional summer events.
冲浪、滑板和运动攀岩都有望与更传统的项目一并出现在夏季奥运赛场上。
The International Olympic Committee are committed to keeping the Games current and believe they have to evolve to remain relevant to a younger generation.
国际奥委会致力于保持奥运会的时代性，让其紧跟当下，并认为要想贴近年轻一代，就必须与时俱进。
It’s also part of a long tradition of more eye-catching competitions at the modern Games, which have included over time such things as the horse long jump, solo synchronised swimming, the100m freestyle for Greek sailors and a swimming obstacle course.
这也是现代奥运会长期以来的一大传统，那就是举办更多吸引人眼球的赛事，迄今为止这类项目包括骑马跳远、单人花样游泳、希腊水手一百米自由泳以及游泳障碍赛。
Cardiovascular disease, which contributes to heart attacks, stroke and dementia, is the main cause of premature death and disability in England, accounting for one death every four minutes.
心血管疾病可引发心脏病、中风和失智症。在英格兰地区，它是早逝和残疾的要因，每四分钟就有一人因此而死亡。
But the underlying conditions that lead to the onset of cardiovascular disease, such as an abnormal heart rhythm known as atrial fibrillation, high blood pressure or high cholesterol can develop without any obvious symptoms.
但导致心血管疾病发作的潜在病症，比如，被称作心房颤动的心律异常、高血压或高胆固醇可能在毫无明显征兆的情况下发生。
It's thought that more than five million people in England alone are currently living with undiagnosed high blood pressure. So health experts are now calling for a concerted effort to improve the number of people over 40 who access NHS health checks, often via their GP or practice nurse. Doctors say we all know our bank Pin numbers, but not the important numbers relating to our blood pressure and cholesterol that could save our lives.
人们认为，仅在英格兰就有 500 多万人目前虽患有高血压却未被确诊。所以，健康专家现在正呼吁大家齐心协力，提高 40 岁以上人群接受英国国家医疗服务体系健康检查的人数，检查大多通过全科医生或诊所护士来安排。医生说，我们都记得自己的银行密码，却不知道能挽救我们生命的血压和胆固醇值是多少。
Insects are the most abundant form of animal life on the planet, representing more than 17 times the weight of the entire human population. 
昆虫是地球上数量最充足的动物生命体，它们的重量之和相当于整个人类人口体重的 17 倍。
This study looked at 73 scientific reports. It found that overall, insect populations are falling by about 2.5% a year. 40% of the world's insects could be extinct within a few decades. 
这份研究分析了 73 份科学报告。研究发现，总体来讲，昆虫的数量每年下降 2.5% 左右。世界上 40% 的昆虫有可能会在未来的几十年里灭绝。
In some areas, the decline is even more rapid. According to one recent study, the number of ground insects in Puerto Rico has fallen by 98% over the last 35 years. A growing body of research shows that insects are declining about twice as fast as vertebrates. 
在一些地区，昆虫数量的下降速度更快。一项最新报告显示，波多黎各的陆地昆虫数量已在过去的 35 年间下降了 98%。越来越多的研究表明，昆虫数量的下降速度大约是脊椎动物的两倍。
The report's authors say a rethinking of current agricultural practice is needed, in particular, a serious reduction in pesticide usage.
这份报告的作者们说，有必要重新审视当前的农耕方式，尤其应着重减少杀虫剂的使用。
The towering peaks of K2 and Mount Everest are part of the frozen Hindu Kush and Himalaya ranges that contain more ice than anywhere else on Earth, apart from the polar regions.
乔戈里峰和珠穆朗玛峰的高耸山顶是结冰的兴都库什山脉和喜马拉雅山脉的一部分，除极地区域以外，这两个山脉的含冰量比地球上任何一个地方都多。
But these ice fields could turn to bare rocks in less than a century because of rising temperatures, say scientists.
但科学家们说，由于气温升高，这些冰原可能在不到一个世纪的时间内变成裸露的岩石。
Over the next few decades, the melting could accelerate thanks to warming and increased air pollution from a growing population depositing soot on the ice.
在接下来的几十年内，冰川融化速度可能会加快，这是由于气候变暖以及日益增长的人口在冰上留下煤灰而造成空气污染加剧。
If global temperatures rise by 2 degrees C, then half the glaciers would be gone by 2100. Even if the world takes dramatic action and limits warming to 1.5C by the end of the century, 36% of the glaciers will have disappeared.
如果全球气温上升 2 摄氏度，那么冰川将在 2100 年前减半。即使全世界都采取断然的行动，在本世纪末将全球变暖控制在 1.5 摄氏度以内，36% 的冰川也将消失。
As well as millions of people living in the mountains, there are another 1.65 billion living in the river valleys below - all are vulnerable to flooding and the destruction of crops.
除了生活在山区的数百万人以外，还有 16.5 亿人生活在低处的河谷地区，他们容易受洪水和农作物被破坏的影响。
The theme tune says, ‘I'll be there for you.’ And for young viewers, Friends is just that – always there, available on demand for binge-viewing, and back-to-back episodes on Netflix.
《老友记》主题曲中有一句歌词：“我会陪伴在你左右。” 对于年轻观众来讲，它正如歌里唱的那样，一直都在，你可以随时上 Netflix 一集接一集地连着看。
The show about the ups and downs of a group of friends in New York was first screened 25 years ago, four years before Google was launched.
这部剧讲述住了一群好友在纽约生活遇到的起起落落，25 年前首播，比谷歌问世的时间早了 4 年。
It's now become the favourite show of a young online generation. But for any parents hoping to share some nostalgic television with their children, the report says teenagers are more likely to prefer watching the show on their own and on a mobile phone.
现在它已经成为年轻的网络一代最喜爱的节目。但对于那些想要和孩子们分享一些怀旧的电视节目的父母们来说，报告指出，青少年更愿意独自在手机上看电视节目。
The archipelago, which lies ten miles off Scotland's north coast, is famed for its spectacular landscapes and archaeological treasures. It is home to just 22,000 people, spread over 20 inhabitable islands.
这个群岛位于苏格兰北岸十英里（约 16 公里）外，以其壮观的景色和考古学珍宝而闻名。这里只居住着 2.2 万人，分布在 20 多个适于居住的岛屿上。
Orkney has high employment levels. Almost nine out of ten people aged between 16 and 64 are in work. The crime rate is low, more than seven times lower than the Scottish average.
奥克尼的就业率较高。年龄在 16 到 64 岁之间的人，每十人当中就有近九人有工作。这里的犯罪率低，比苏格兰平均水平低七倍多。
But there may also be some scepticism based largely on what reports like this tend not to ask about: the cost of living, reliability of transport links, robustness of digital connectivity and levels of fuel poverty.
但可能人们仍持怀疑态度，主要是基于这类报告往往不会问及的问题：生活成本、交通网络的可靠性、数字连通的稳健性和燃料匮乏程度。
Fast radio bursts, or FRBs as they're known, last for just a thousandth of a second. But what they lack in duration, they more than make up for in power. Astronomers have detected them from distant galaxies that are billions of trillions of miles away.
快速射电暴，又称 “FRBs”，只持续千分之一秒。但它们在持续时间上所缺乏的，在力量上完全可以弥补。天文学家已经在数万亿英里之外的遥远星系中发现了它们。
Researchers have no clear explanation for how they are formed, but theories ranged from the far-fetched, that they're pulses powering alien starships, to the relatively prosaic, that they are a result of the collision of two dying stars.
研究人员对它们是如何形成的还没有明确的解释，但各种理论五花八门，有的说它们的脉冲驱动着外星飞船，有的说它们是两颗濒死恒星碰撞的结果，前者的理论令人难以置信，后者的相对平淡无奇。
The mystery deepened last year with the detection of a repeated FRB from the same location, which ruled out the idea that this was the result of a destructive process. Now, Dr Shriharsh Tendulkar and colleagues at McGill University in Montreal have discovered a second repeating FRB.
去年，这个谜团随着在同一地点检测到的一个反复出现的 FRB 进一步加深，也因而排除了认为这是一个破坏过程结果的观点。现在，蒙特利尔麦吉尔大学的施里哈什·坦杜卡博士和他的同事们发现了第二种重复快速射电暴。
What's especially exciting about fast radio bursts is that they interact with every electron and every magnetic field they encounter on their intergalactic journey. This means that embedded within these bursts is a record of their voyage across deep space. And so FRBs can in effect, be used as probes to study the distant galaxies from which they come.
特别令人兴奋的是，快速射电暴与它们在星际旅行中遇到的每一个电子和每一个磁场都相互作用。这意味着在这些爆炸中嵌有它们穿越深空航行的记录。所以，事实上，快速射电暴可以作为探测工具来研究它们所来自的遥远星系。
Adults in the UK are recommended to eat 30 grams of fibre a day, but only 9% of us manage that. As a guide, two thick slices of wholemeal toast would provide about a fifth of the total.
英国成年人被建议每天摄入30克纤维，但只有9%的人做到了这一点。作为一个指导准则，两片厚厚的全麦吐司可提供大约每日摄入量的五分之一。
This review commissioned by the World Health Organisation reinforces the value of fibre. The researchers say eating more fruit and vegetables, nuts and seeds and wholegrains in breakfast cereals, breads and pasta is linked to lower weight, blood pressure and cholesterol levels. And it helps protect against illnesses, such as bowel cancer.
由世界卫生组织委托进行的评估进一步证实了纤维的价值。研究人员称，多食水果蔬菜、坚果和籽类，以及全谷物早餐麦片、面包和意大利面食可降低体重、血压和胆固醇水平。这还有助于预防疾病，如肠癌。
Experts say the study shows people adopting popular low-carbohydrate diets risk missing out on fibre from wholegrains.
专家说，这项调查表明，选择流行的低碳水化合物饮食方式的人有可能会错过全谷物中的纤维。
It's estimated that pets consume around 20% of the world's meat. That's led some owners to worry about the impact of their dog on the planet, as meat production is a major source of greenhouse gases.
据估计，宠物吃掉全球20%的肉类。这使一些宠物主人开始担心自家狗给地球造成的影响，因为肉类生产是温室气体的主要来源。
Vegan dog foods are on sale but environmentalist owners wanting to treat their pet to animal protein can now turn to a Dutch product called Yora. The grubs of black soldier flies make up 40% of it.
纯素狗粮已有售，但那些注重环保的、想给宠物吃动物蛋白的狗主人们现在可以转向一款叫作 Yora 的荷兰产品。这个产品中含40% 的黑色兵蝇幼虫。
Insects do use a fraction of the water and land of cattle. So this looks an environmental boon. But it's not quite so simple. Normal dog food is mostly offal, so dogs are typically eating meat that humans have rejected. To really make an environmental difference, owners would need to join their dogs in cutting down on the meat.
昆虫的用水和用地面积是牛所用的极小的一部分。所以这款产品看来对环境大有裨益。但事情并没有那么简单。普通狗粮的原料大多是动物下水，所以狗吃的通常是人类不要的肉类。要想对环境做出实质性改变，狗主人需要和他们的狗一起少吃肉。
When a volcano erupts, the obvious thing to do might be to run in the opposite direction. But this report warns about thousands of people who rush from around the world to try to get as close as possible.
当火山爆发时，人们的第一反应可能就是朝反方向跑。但这份报告警告说，有成千上万的人反而为了尽可能地接近火山而奔波于世界各地。
Amy Donovan, the Cambridge University geographer who has written the report, says that some people are unable to resist the elemental power of a volcano. They travelled to places such as Iceland for the thrill of being close to an eruption, often wanting to photograph themselves in these extreme settings.
来自剑桥大学的地理学家艾米·唐纳文撰写了这份报告，她说有些人无法抗拒火山的原始力量。他们为了体会临近火山喷发的刺激感而去冰岛等地旅游，往往是想要在这类极端的环境中自拍。
But they dangerously underestimate the risks such as being injured by flying rocks, the threat of toxic gas or getting cut off by lava flows. It's also proving difficult for the emergency services, who are putting their own lives at risk to rescue these thrill-seeking travellers.
但危险的是，他们低估了如被飞石砸伤、吸入有毒气体或被熔岩流阻断去路的风险。事实证明，火山观光还给紧急救援部门的工作人员带来了困难，因为他们需冒着生命危险去解救这些寻求刺激的游客。
The blazing summer of 2018 was the joint warmest for the UK since records began in 1910. Met Office researchers have now analysed the record-breaking temperatures, using climate models that can simulate the world with or without the impact of fossil fuel emissions.
2018年的酷暑是自1910年有记录以来英国并列最热的年份。英国气象局的研究人员利用气候模型分析了创记录的气温，这些模型能模拟全球气候在受到化石燃料排放物影响以及未受到它影响时的情况。
According to the scientists, in the absence of global warming, the odds of a UK heatwave like this summer's were less than half a percent in any given year. But a changing climate means this has now risen to 12%, or about once every eight years.
据科学家们的说法，在没有全球气候变暖的情况下，英国迎来像今夏这样的热浪的几率在任何一年里都不到 0.5%。但不断变化的气候意味着这一比例上升到了 12%，或大约每八年一次。
By looking at records of temperatures in England that date back three hundred years, the Met Office was able to say that summers as warm as 2018 were very rare before the Industrial Revolution.
通过查看过去三百年英格兰地区的气温记录，英国气象局得出了这一结论：在英国工业革命以前，像2018年这样炎热的夏天是非常罕见的。
And while some people might welcome the idea of having more hot summers in the UK, Met Office researchers said it was not good news, especially for vulnerable elderly people, for farmers, and for those who work outdoors.
尽管一些人可能会欢迎英国有更多炎热的夏季，但英国气象局的研究人员说这并不是什么好消息，尤其是对于身体脆弱的老年人、农民和在室外工作的人们来说更是如此。
A warmer Arctic and greener tundra might sound like good news for grazing animals. But the changes in the far north are actually making life much more challenging for wild reindeer.
更暖的北极和更郁郁葱葱的苔原带对于草食动物来说似乎是个好消息。但在遥远的北方，这些变化实际上使野生驯鹿的生存变得更加艰难。
The animals rely on low-growing lichens, which are being swamped by taller plants. And more rain, rather than snow, when it falls onto freezing ground, forms a hard layer of ice that the animals simply can't push their noses through to feed.
这些动物靠矮生地衣为生，但地衣正被长得更高的植物没过。同时，更多的降雨而非降雪使得雨滴落在冻土上时形成坚固的冰层，这样一来驯鹿完全没办法把鼻子伸进去进食。
It's also said that a good summer day for a human in the Arctic, still and warm, is a horrible day for the reindeer because they're mobbed by the increasing number of insects. During warmer summers, the animals have to use so much energy to keep the flies away that they can't sustain themselves. The same report revealed that sea ice continues to shrink, and that changes are fuelling extreme weather patterns further south.
也有人说，北极地区的一个宁静而温暖的夏日对于人类来说虽然是很舒适的，但对驯鹿来说却很可怕，因为它们被日益增多的虫子围攻。在更温暖的夏日里，这些动物为驱赶蝇虫，不得不消耗很多能量，以至于无法维持自身的生存需要。报告还显示，海冰仍持续缩小，而且这些变化正在加剧更南边地区的极端天气模式。
The Bank of England received more than 114,000 nominations which met their criteria of who should be the new face of the £50 note. It had to be a real individual – so not Wonder Woman or Winnie-the-Pooh. They had to be dead and they must have contributed to the field of science in the UK.
英央行收到了逾11.4万份有资格成为50英镑纸币新头像的提名。被提名者必须是真实的个体，所以不可以是神奇女侠或小熊维尼等角色。他们还必须是已逝的、为英国科学界做出了贡献的人物。
So far the list includes the discoverer of penicillin Alexander Fleming, the father of modern epidemiology John Snow, the telephone inventor Alexander Graham Bell, the astronomer Patrick Moore and the computing pioneers Ada Lovelace and Alan Turing. Alan Turing, who broke the Nazi Enigma code during World War Two, has more recently gained popular recognition thanks to the 2014 film The Imitation Game starring Benedict Cumberbatch, as Turing.
到目前为止，被提名人选包括青霉素的发现者亚历山大·弗莱明、“现代流行病学之父” 约翰·斯诺、电话的发明者亚历山大·格拉汉姆·贝尔、天文学家帕特里克·摩尔以及计算机学的先驱们阿达·洛芙莱斯和艾伦·图灵。艾伦·图灵在第二次世界大战间破解了纳粹的密码系统 “恩尼格玛”，最近凭借2014年由本尼迪克特·康伯巴奇主演的电影《模仿游戏》，图灵获得了大众的认可。
Bookmakers have Stephen Hawking as the current favourite, with odds of 7/4. The scientist broke new ground on the basic laws which govern the universe. He died earlier this year, having suffered from motor neurone disease for most of his adult life, which gradually paralysed the scientist and eventually left him only able to speak through a computer.
目前，博彩公司最看好斯蒂芬·霍金，他获胜的赔率为七比四。这位科学家曾经就统治宇宙的基本规律提出了突破性的见解。霍金于今年早些时候过世，他成年后的大部分时间里都患有运动神经元病，该疾病逐渐使这位科学家瘫痪，并最终导致他只能通过计算机说话。
The Nobel Prize winner Dorothy Hodgkin is also one of the favourites to win. She is best known for her work in developing crystallography of biochemical compounds. Nominations close in two weeks. After that, a final shortlist will be made and the next year, the new face of £50 note will finally be announced.
诺贝尔奖得主多萝西·霍奇金也是夺冠的一大热门。她以开发了生化化合物领域的晶体学研究而闻名。提名征集活动将在两周后结束。英格兰银行随后会确认最终候选名单，并在明年宣布50英镑纸币上的新头像人物。
Instead of studying for three years, at 30 weeks a year, the government wants more universities to provide fast-track courses with degrees taught in two years with 45 weeks of studying.
比起每年三十周、共计三年的学制，英国政府希望更多的大学能提供快速课程，两年教授本科学位，每年学习四十五周。
These shorter, more intensive courses would mean savings of about £5,500 in tuition fees and a year's worth of accommodation and living costs. The Universities Minister Sam Gyimah thinks it’ll particularly help to reverse the decline in the number of mature students.
这些耗时更短、更密集的课程意味着每个学生能省下约5500镑的学费以及一年的住宿费和生活费。英国大学事务大臣山姆·吉马认为这一做法尤其有利于扭转成人学生人数下降的趋势。
Even though the overall cost would be lower than studying for three years, each year would have tuition fees equivalent to about £11,000 per year - above the current maximum limit of 9,250. Such a change of the fee system would have to be approved by Parliament and that could prove a significant stumbling block.
尽管两年制本科学位的总花费要低于三年制的学费，但每年的学费相当于1.1万英镑，高于目前每年9250英镑的上限。这种收费体系的改革需要获得议会的批准，而这也许会成为两年制本科学位课程是否能成功推行最大的阻碍。
Obesity is the biggest preventable cause of cancer in the UK after smoking. More than one in 20 cancer cases are caused by excess body weight, according to Cancer Research UK. Experts already suspect that fat sends signals to the body that can cause growth and damage to cells, resulting in cancer.
在英国，肥胖是仅次于吸烟的可预防的最大致癌因素。据英国癌症研究院统计，每二十个癌症病例中就有超过一例是因体重超标而导致的。专家们已经怀疑，由于脂肪会给人体发出可造成细胞增大和损坏的信号，所以才引发了癌症。
Now the team at Trinity have found another pathway that could explain the obesity-cancer link. Too much fat in the body can clog some of the body’s cancer-fighting cells, according to the new work published in Nature Immunology journal.
现在，这支来自圣三一学院的研究团队发现了另一种可以解释肥胖与癌症之间联系的方法。他们在《自然免疫学》期刊上发表的新研究称，体内过多的脂肪可能会阻塞体内的抗癌细胞。
By doing tests on these ‘natural killer’ cells in their lab, the researchers were able to pinpoint the steps that led to the clogging. Armed with this knowledge, they hope to be able to find drug treatments that could restore the cancer-fighting abilities of natural killer cells.
通过在实验室中对这类 “自然杀伤” 细胞进行测试，研究人员得以准确指出造成细胞堵塞的每一个阶段。认识到了这一点以后，他们希望能找到可恢复这类自然杀伤细胞抗癌能力的药物疗法。
The influenza virus is the ultimate shape-shifter. It's constantly mutating its appearance to evade our immune system. That's why a new flu jab is needed each winter and why the vaccine sometimes misses its mark.
流行性感冒病毒是终极的变形怪。它不断地改变它的外观以逃避我们的免疫系统。这就是为什么人们每年冬天都需要注射新的流感预防针，也是疫苗有时无法奏效的原因。
Science is on the hunt for a way to kill all types of flu, no matter the strain or how much it mutates. That's where the llama, better known for its wool, comes in. The animals produce incredibly tiny antibodies. These weapons of the immune system are able to wriggle their way deep inside the flu virus to find the parts it cannot mutate.
人们在利用科学来寻找一种能战胜所有类型流感的方法，不管是哪种病毒，也不管它变异了多少。虽然大羊驼更多地以其身上的羊毛而为人所知，但在对抗流感的战斗中，它也能派上用场。这种动物产生的抗体极其微小。这些免疫系统的武器能够设法深入流感病毒的内部，从而找到病毒无法变异的部分。
The team at the Scripps Institute in California picked four of the most potent llama antibodies to design their own synthetic antibody. It was tested on mice, which were given deadly doses of influenza.
美国加州斯克里普斯研究所的这支团队从大羊驼的血液中选取了四种最强效的抗体来制作合成抗体。研究人员给老鼠注射了致命剂量的流感病毒，从而测试合成抗体的药效。
The hope is this antibody can be given to people at the start of every winter or during a flu pandemic. This is early-stage research and the team want to do more tests before starting human trials and there are questions about mass production and cost. But maybe llama blood holds the secret to saving hundreds of thousands of lives from flu each year.
人们希望这种抗体能在每年初冬之际和在流感病毒大规模爆发时给人们使用。这仍是早期的研究，研究小组想在展开人体试验之前做更多的测试，同时他们对于批量生产此药物和其成本方面仍存有疑虑。然而，大羊驼的血液中也许就藏着每年可以拯救成千上万生命的秘密。
Independent researchers say that poorer children taking their GCSEs in 2010 had almost ten thousand pounds more spent on their school years than wealthier children.
独立研究人员们说，在2010年参加普通中等教育证书考试（GCSE）的相对贫困的孩子们上学期间得到的资助要比更富裕的孩子们多出将近一万英镑。
The study says this represents a complete turnaround from previous generations when richer families took the lion's share of education budgets.
这项调查称，这意味着和前几代人相比，情况发生了彻底的变化：此前，相对富裕的家庭得到了大部分的教育预算。  The change is a consequence of policy since the early 2000s targeting money at disadvantaged children, and also because many poorer youngsters are now staying on for A-levels and university and so benefiting longer from education funding.
之所以发生这一转变，是因为自2000年以来，政府实施了针对资助家庭条件困难儿童的的政策，同时还由于有很多贫穷的年轻人现在会留在学校参加 A-level 考试或决定上大学进修，所以他们会从教育资金中获益更久。
The researchers say this has been a remarkable shift in the shape of public-service spending.
这些研究者说，这是影响公共服务开支形势的一个惊人的变化。
Bacteria becoming resistant to antibiotics is making some infections incredibly difficult to treat, and new drugs are in scarce supply. Cefiderocol uses a new clever approach. It sticks to the mineral iron which bacteria need to absorb in order to survive. Once Cefiderocol is smuggled inside the bacterial cell, it kills it.
对抗生素产生抗药性的细菌让一些感染变得极难治疗，而且新药的供应也很稀缺。这款名叫 “Cefiderocol” 的药物用了一种巧妙的新方法。它附着在铁这种细菌需要通过吸收才能生存的矿物质上。一旦 “Cefiderocol” 潜入细菌的细胞内，它就会杀死细菌。
The antibiotic has been tested on nearly 450 people with either a kidney or urinary tract infection. Much larger trials are needed but the results reported in the Lancet Infectious Diseases journal show the new antibiotic appears to be as effective as current treatments.
这种抗生素已在近四百五十名肾脏或尿路感染患者身上进行了测试。虽然仍需更大规模的试验，但发布在《柳叶刀传染病》期刊上的研究结果显示，这款新形抗生素似乎与目前常用的治疗方法一样有效。
The public inquiry is covering events in the 1970s and 80s, which led to tens of thousands of NHS patients being infected with HIV and hepatitis C through contaminated blood products. Nearly three thousand haemophiliacs died as a result of their treatment.
这是一项为了解英国七、八十年代发生的一系列事件而开展的公众调查，这些事件导致数以万计在英国国民医疗服务体系就诊的病人因输入了被污染的血液产品而感染艾滋病病毒和丙型肝炎病毒。其中有近三千名血友病患者因接受治疗而死亡。
At preliminary hearings last month, concerns were expressed about access to financial support. In his letter to Cabinet Office Minister David Lidington, Sir Brian Langstaff notes "the repeated calls for financial assistance which fully recompenses those who've suffered." He says decisive action should be taken.
在上个月的初步听证会中，各方对获得财政支持表示担忧。布莱恩·朗格斯塔夫爵士在给内阁大臣大卫·立丁顿的信中指出“一再呼吁财政支援，以充分补偿受害者”。他说政府应采取果断措施。
A government spokesman said the inquiry was "a priority" and a reply would be made to the letter "in due course".
一名政府发言人表示，调查是 “当务之急”，将会在 “适当时候” 对这封信作出回应。
The Bloomberg building has been described as a tour de force. It's believed to be the largest stone project in the City of London since St Paul's Cathedral. It's a vast and sustainable office space unlike most will ever see.
彭博总部大楼被称为一个杰作。据称，它是圣保罗大教堂以来伦敦金融城内最大的石材建筑工程。该楼办公空间宽大，且秉持了可持续发展原则，是大多数建筑无法企及的。
Combining art and history, in what the judges say is an innovation in architecture. The interior boasts high-speed glass lifts, bespoke sound-muffling magnetic floorboards and a sparkling ceiling comprising more than two million polished aluminium petals and lights.
评委们称它是结合了艺术与历史的建筑创新。大楼内部拥有高速玻璃升降梯，定制的消音磁性木地板和闪闪发光的天花板，这里的天花板由两百多万瓣锃亮的铝片和灯拼成。
The president of the RIBA, Ben Derbyshire, has called it a profound expression of confidence in British architecture.
英国皇家建筑师学会（RIBA）主席本·德比夏尔称它是“对英国建筑充满信心的深刻表达”。
More than a thousand parents of under-five-year-olds were interviewed by Childwise. They revealed that 75% of their children had access to a connected device and over half of three and four-year-olds had their own tablet or computer.
市场调查机构 Childwise 采访了一千多名五岁以下儿童的家长。他们发现，在这些人的子女中，75%的孩子有机会使用能上网的设备，且有超过一半的三至四岁的孩子拥有自己的平板电脑或计算机。
Children spend just under three hours a day watching TV in various forms and while the number watching traditional television hasn't changed, they're using their devices to access all kinds of online video services.
孩子们每天通过不同的平台看电视的时间接近三小时，虽然看传统电视机的总时长没有变化，但他们在使用各类设备来获取在线视频服务。
While Cbeebies is still their favourite channel, its share of viewing has declined. Voice-recognition gadgets such as Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa are being used by children to play nursery rhymes or ask questions such as "how big is the moon?"
尽管 BBC 旗下的幼儿频道 “Cbeebies” 仍是孩子们的最爱，但其收视率有所下降。孩子们在使用苹果 Siri 和亚马逊 Alexa 等智能语音识别装置来播放儿歌或询问这样的问题：“月亮有多大？”
You have to be pretty hardy to flourish in the Arctic, and those plants that do tend to live just a few centimetres above the ground. But the cold north in recent decades, has seen some of the fastest rates of warming on the planet and the flora have reacted accordingly.
能在北极茁壮生长的植物得相当耐寒，而这类植物距离地面的高度往往只有几厘米而已。但近数十年来，寒冷的北极地区的升温速度极快，已跻身于地球各地前列，而这里的植物群也相应地受到了影响。
It's not just that existing shrubs and grasses have increased their stature, although that is the case, but rather that taller species are now moving into areas they never used to grow in large numbers. This shift has repercussions, an international team reports in the journal Nature. Taller Arctic plants trap more snow around them, insulating the ground from cold air. And that'll speed up the thawing of permanently frozen soils, releasing their carbon into the atmosphere. It's a feedback that should further warm the climate.
问题不仅仅在于现有灌木和草地的高度有所增长，虽然确实如此，而更在于原本就较高的植物种类正大规模地向其从未生长过的地域移动。据一支国际团队在期刊《自然》上发表的报告称，该变化造成了负面的影响。较高的北极植物会在其周围存住更多的雪，使地表与冷空气隔绝。这样一来就加快了永久冻土的解冻过程，并向大气层释放碳。这是一种会使气候进一步变暖的反应。
Isla Myers-Smith from the University of Edinburgh says that on current trends, the centimetres-tall Arctic plants could double in size by the end of the century. What sets this study apart is its scale – more than 60,000 plant measurements all across northern latitudes. And that's just the modern data – the research also lent on decades of previous observations.
来自英国爱丁堡大学的艾拉·迈尔·史密斯说，照目前的趋势来看，数厘米高的北极植物数量有可能在本世纪末前翻一番。该研究的独特之处在于其规模之大，它囊括了六万多个来自北纬各地区的测量结果。而这还只是现代数据，该研究还借鉴了过去数十年间的观察资料。
The cane toad originally came from South America and was introduced to Australia in 1935 with the hope that they would eat the beetles which were devouring sugar cane. But they ended up eating everything except the beetles. And they've been spreading through Australia ever since, poisoning native wildlife as they go.
海蟾蜍源于南美，并在1935年被引进澳大利亚，当时人们希望它们能吃掉吞食甘蔗的甲虫。然而它们却吃了除甲虫以外的所有动物。而且自那以来，海蟾蜍蔓延至澳大利亚各地，其所到之处的当地野生动植物都受到了毒害。
Snakes, lizards and even crocodiles can die if they ingest the amphibian's deadly toxin. Now the possibility of a genetics-led solution is at hand. An international team of scientists has succeeded in unlocking more than 90% of the toad's genome – its genetic material. To get this information, the teams used advanced computers to sequence 360 billion DNA pairs, meaning they've worked out the exact order of the four bases in a strand of DNA.
如果摄入了这种两栖动物的致命毒素，蛇、蜥蜴，甚至鳄鱼都可能会被毒死。现在，由遗传学主导的潜在解决方法就近在咫尺。一支由多国科学家组成的团队已成功破解了海蟾蜍超过 90% 的基因组信息，即其遗传物质。为了得到这一信息，这些团队用先进的计算机测定了三千六百亿对 DNA 序列，这意味着他们已算出一串 DNA 中四种碱基的顺序。
The researchers said the discovery would offer biological clues about the animal's evolution. The scientists have also discovered three new viruses within the toad's DNA, which could be used to control pests. But in a country which has a long history of introducing species with disastrous consequences, scientists will be cautious with the way they use this new information.
这组研究人员说，该发现将为解释该动物的进化过程提供生物学线索。科学家们还在这种蟾蜍的 DNA 中发现了三种新的病毒，它们可能被用来控制有害动植物。但在澳大利亚，由于长期以来引进新物种导致了诸多灾难性的后果，科学家会谨慎考虑应如何利用这些新信息。
From foods to medicines, to recycling nutrients – fungi are vital for life on Earth. But with many hidden away in the soil, or invisible to the naked eye, they're often overlooked.
从食物到药材，到再生营养物质，真菌对地球上的生命来说至关重要。但由于很多真菌都被埋在土壤里或用肉眼无法看到，所以人们经常会忽视它们的重要性。
Scientists have pulled together information on these curious organisms to highlight gaps in our knowledge. DNA studies suggest there may be almost four million different fungi, but science has identified less than ten per cent of them. And only about 50 species have been evaluated for the extinction Red List compared with thousands of plants and animals.
科学家们收集了有关这种奇异有机体的信息，从而引起人们对这一知识空白的注意。DNA 研究显示，世界上可能有近四百万种不同的真菌，但科学仅能辨别出不到10%。和成千上万的植物和动物相比，科学家们只对约五十个真菌物种是否能列入世界自然保护联盟濒危物种红色名录中进行了评估。
Director of Science at Kew, Professor Cathy Willis, says we ignore fungi at our peril. Fungi have potential for breaking down plastics and generating new types of biofuels and medicines. But they have a negative side – destroying crops and wiping out trees such as the ash and the elm.
英国邱园的科学总监凯西·威利斯说，忽略真菌的重要性会给我们带来危险。真菌有分解塑料和创造新生物燃料及药品种类的潜能。但它也有负面影响，即破坏庄稼、摧毁如白蜡树和橡树等树木。
The number of older people in the workplace – defined as aged 50 or over – is now at a record high of more than 10 million, but the opportunities available to them may not be matching their ambition.
英国对高龄工作者的定义是年龄在五十岁或以上，该群体人数现已创下历史新高，达一千多万人，但他们却可能没有足够的机会来实现自己的志向。
This survey by the Centre for Ageing Better, found that one in seven workers aged over 50 believe they've been turned down for a job because of their age. One in three thought they'd been offered less training and that younger employees had benefitted more from structured career progression. And nearly a fifth had either hidden or considered hiding their true age in order to get a new job.
这项由英国老年扶助中心开展的调查发现，每七名年龄超过五十岁的工作者中就有一人曾因年龄大而失去了工作机会，每三人当中就有一人认为他们接受的培训较少，而年轻职员们从系统化的职业发展制度中获益更多。还有近二成的人会为了找到新工作而隐瞒或被认为隐瞒了其真实年龄。
With the employment rate at a near-record high, the report warns that businesses that disregard older workers could face a labour and skill shortage - as experienced staff depart, leaving too few younger candidates to replace them.
在就业率接近历史最高水平的形势下，该报告警示说，那些无视年长工作者的公司可能会面临劳动力和技能短缺，因为富有经验的员工离职后，可以接替其岗位的年轻候补人数太少。
According to Internet Matters, around 72 per cent of children in Year 7 now have a smartphone. Of the 2,000 parents surveyed by the group, almost 60 per cent believe pupils shouldn't carry the device with them during the day, although 49 per cent were in favour of children being allowed to bring phones to and from school.
据英国非盈利机构 Internet Matters 称，现有约72%的七年级（相当于国内的初一）儿童有智能手机。在该组织调查的两千名家长中，几乎60%都认为小学生不应该整天随身携带该设备，虽然有49%赞成学校应允许孩子们带手机上下学。
In France, the government has intervened, approving a total ban on mobile use for pupils up to the age of 15. But here, some head teachers allow the controlled use of smartphones in class, maintaining that with budgets under constant pressure, they're an invaluable supplementary learning tool.
法国政府已参与此事，通过了一项完全禁止十五岁以下小学生使用手机的法令。但在英国，一些校长允许学生在课上适当地使用智能手机，并坚称在预算长期吃紧的情况下，手机是一件非常宝贵的补充学习工具。
The study of 5,000 commuters travelling by train into London each day raises the question of when the working day really begins. So many people were found to be catching up on emails that the journey had effectively become an unpaid extension of their business day.
这项研究对五千名每天乘火车去伦敦上班的通勤者进行了调查，随之提出了一个问题：工作日究竟从何时开始？很多人都在上班的旅途中查看并回复邮件，这实际上是无偿地延长了工作时间。
Researchers from the University of the West of England say that the spread of internet access requires a rethinking of what employers mean by 'working hours'.
西英格兰大学的研究人员们称，互联网的普及意味着要重新思考雇主所定义的 “工作时间”。
Business leaders were not unsympathetic. The Institute of Directors agreed that it was becoming hard to draw the line between work and home life and that if people were unable to switch off,it would mean more stress and a reduction in productivity.
商界领袖们并没有对此漠不关心。英国董事学会认为，划清工作和家庭生活之间的界限变得越来越难，而且如果不能在个人时间内放下工作，那么人们就有可能面临更多的压力及工作效率的降低。
Since Nasa's Viking Mission tested Martian soil samples back in the 1970s, we've known the surface of Mars to be a desert – inhospitable to life as we know it. But as missions to Mars focussed on what lies beneath the surface, a different picture has started to emerge.
自美国航空航天局（Nasa）在1970年代检测了由维京号计划从火星带回的土壤以来，火星表面一片荒芜且不适于生命生存这一道理就已为人熟知。但当火星勘探任务重点转向地表之下的时候，就有另一番景象开始浮出水面。
This discovery of water beneath the planet's South Pole is the result of radar echoes that were picked up by an instrument on a spacecraft that's been orbiting Mars for 15 years. To stay liquid beneath the long-frozen surface of Mars, the researchers say this sub-glacial lake must have huge amounts of salts dissolved in it. 
科学家之所以在该行星南极发现了水是因为一艘宇宙飞船在环行火星十五年后，其舱内的仪器收到了来自水体的雷达回拨。这些研究人员说，能在长期处于冰冻状态的火星表面下保持液态，这片冰下湖泊内一定溶有大量盐分。
Its extreme cold and saltiness would make it a very harsh environment for any living thing. But the lead researcher, Professor Roberto Orosei from the Italian National Institute for Astrophysics, said the existence of organisms there, was not impossible.
这片水体的极度低温和极高的盐分使任何生命都难以在这个极为严酷的环境中生存。但来自意大利国家天体物理研究所的首席研究员罗伯特·奥罗赛说在这里发现有机体的存在并不是不可能的。
To search for life in this newly discovered lake though, scientists will need to send a robot that's able to drill through the mile of ice encapsulating it.  But at least the teams looking for life on the Red Planet will now know where to start their search.
不过，为了在这片新发现的湖泊里寻找生命，科学家们需要派出一个机器人，它要能钻入水体上方厚一英里（1.6公里）的冰盖。但是对于这些在这颗红色星球上寻找生命的研究团队来说，他们现在已经知道应从哪里开始他们的搜索。
We normally think of viruses as 'lone wolves', each waging a solo campaign of infection. But inside the stool samples of patients with either norovirus or rotavirus, scientists discovered something new. Up to 40 viruses were gathering together and wrapping themselves up in a sphere of fat.
我们通常认为病毒是 “独行侠”，每个病毒都各自组织感染人体的活动。但在诺如病毒或轮状病毒携带者的粪便样本中，科学家们发现了一种新的形态。有将近四十个个病毒聚集在一起，把自己包在一个脂肪球里。
Experiments, published in the journal Cell Host and Microbe, showed the spheres gave the viruses huge advantages. They acted like an invisibility cloak that hid the viruses from the immune system, protected them from harsh environments including stomach acid, and helped them overwhelm their target cells in the intestines. Norovirus infections started by these spheres were more severe and lasted longer than those caused by lone viruses.
发布在《细胞 · 宿主与微生物》期刊上的一系列实验结果显示，该球状体给病毒带来了很大的优势。它们就像一顶隐形斗篷，让免疫系统无从发觉被藏起来的病毒，保护它们不受包括胃酸等恶劣环境的影响，还帮它们击败肠道内的靶细胞。由这类球状体引起的诺如病毒感染比个体病毒导致的感染更严重，持续时间更长。
Rotavirus is the biggest cause of diarrhoea in children and norovirus is so infectious it spreads rampantly through schools, care homes and cruise ships.
轮状病毒是导致儿童腹泻的最大原因，而诺如病毒传染性极强，它在学校、看护中心里和大型游轮上猖獗地蔓延开来。
There are no drugs that treat these infections. The researchers hope their study could lead to new ways of tackling these common diseases.
目前还没有能治愈这类感染病的药物。研究人员希望他们的研究可以为对抗这类常见病开辟新途径。
Vindigo is made with Chardonnay, that is white wine grapes - and it gets its translucent blue colour because it's filtered through the skins of other dark grapes – these containing the purple agent anthocyanin, which properly treated can make a wine blue rather than the more normal red.
Vindigo 是用一种叫霞多丽的白葡萄酒制成的，这种酒色泽碧蓝澄澈的原因是它经过了含有紫色剂花青素的深色葡萄皮过滤，在适当的处理后可以使葡萄酒呈现蓝色，而非普通的红色。
So it's all perfectly natural, and on a Mediterranean terrace, looking over a blue sea and a blue sky, what could be more delightful than 'a beaker full of the warm South' as Keats put it. We're told it has tones of cherry and passion fruit, that in blind tastings it scores well against the rosés, and that in this summer of World Cup victory, the French want nothing more than to complete their tricolour of wines – possibly!
所以这种酒是纯天然的，而且当你身处地中海梯田，俯瞰碧蓝大海并远眺蓝色天空的时候，还有什么比诗人济慈吟诵的“啜饮一大杯暖意浓浓的南国酒”更让人高兴的事呢？我们听说这种酒里有樱桃和百香果的味道，所以它在“盲品”测试中的得分和玫瑰红葡萄酒不分伯仲，而且正值法国在今夏的世界杯比赛中赢得了胜利，或许法国人最期待的庆祝方式的莫过于集满和法国三色旗匹配的三色葡萄酒了吧！
But the French can also spot a gimmick when they see one. And 'le vin bleu' definitely fits that particular bar bill.
当然法国人也能分辨出什么是骗人的营销花招，而 “蓝葡萄酒（le vin bleu）” 正是此类营销手段的产物。
Squishy, gungy, slimy slime. Around the world, children grab it and squeeze it. Every day globules are lobbed at weary adults. To the horror of parents, British TV programmes even tell kids how to make their own.
软绵绵、油腻腻、黏乎乎的黏液。在世界各地，孩子们都抓着它捏来捏去。每天，精疲力竭的家长们成了孩子们扔小黏球的对象。让他们感到可怕的是，一些英国电视节目甚至还教孩子们怎样制作自己的黏胶玩具。
But when it comes to buying the stuff, the advice from a British consumer organisation is to approach slime with caution – and not just because of the obvious reason – you know, its slime! Which? tested 11 popular slime products and found eight contained higher than recommended levels of borax, which is made of a chemical called boron. Boron is what makes the slime sticky.
但在购买这类玩具的时候，英国一消费者组织建议人们应谨慎对待，这并不只是因为最明显的原因：你知道，这种玩具可是黏液做成的！名为 “Which?” 的机构测试了十一种畅销的黏胶玩具，发现八种产品中的硼砂含量都高于推荐水平，硼砂由一种叫作“硼”的化学物质制成。硼是让胶状玩具变 “黏” 的原因。
But Nikki Stopford from Which? says it can make children ill. One product had more than four times the amount of boron the European Union says is safe. The eight products which didn't meet the standards were all purchased by Which? on Amazon, which has now removed them from sale.
但来自 “Which?” 的尼基·斯托普夫德说，该物质可能会让儿童生病。在受检测的十一种畅销产品中，有一种产品的硼含量达欧盟推荐安全值的四倍以上。“Which?” 已从亚马逊网站上购买了八种未达标产品的所有存货，这些产品现已停售。
But Science Communicator Dr Stuart Farrimund says while we should be aware of borax and boron, we shouldn't be hugely concerned.
但科学通讯员斯图尔特·法瑞蒙德博士说，尽管我们应认识到硼砂和硼的危害，但无需过于担心。
On the tropical Chagos Islands in the Indian Ocean, this is the sound of rat-free territory – teeming with birdlife. The remote archipelago of 60 islands is now a natural laboratory.
在印度洋上的热带岛屿查戈斯群岛上，鸟叫声遍布这个无鼠地带。这个拥有60个岛屿的偏远群岛现在是一个天然的实验室。
While some islands are rat-free, others that were visited historically by ships are now home to the invasive rodents. And rats, scientists found, dramatically reduce the health of a coral reef surrounding an infested island.
虽然有些岛屿上没有老鼠，但历史上有船只造访过的岛屿现在都已成为这类入侵啮齿动物的家园。科学家们发现，在有大批老鼠出没的岛屿周围，其珊瑚礁的健康状况急剧下降。
By killing seabirds, the rats deprive a reef of nutrient-rich seabird droppings that naturally fertilise it. The researchers working on the archipelago found that rat-free islands' reefs were much healthier, with more and significantly larger fish.
通过捕杀海鸟，老鼠剥夺了珊瑚礁依靠营养丰富的海鸟粪便作为肥料使其生长的自由。在这个群岛上工作的研究人员发现，没有老鼠的岛屿周围的珊瑚礁要健康得多，鱼的数量也多，而且体积也明显更大。
With coral reefs under threat from climate change, the scientists are now advocating rat eradication on islands around the world to protect some of the most diverse ecosystems in the ocean.
由于珊瑚礁受到气候变化的威胁，所以科学家们现提倡在世界各地的岛屿上消灭老鼠，以保护海洋中最多样化的生态系统。
Aza Raskin from the Centre for Humane Technology said social media companies deliberately use addictive technology in their apps in order to lure us in to spending as much time on their platforms as possible.
人文技术中心（Centre for Humane Technology）的阿扎·拉斯金说，社交媒体公司故意在他们的应用程序中使用让人上瘾的技术，以吸引我们尽可能多地呆在他们的平台上。
Aza Raskin invented the endless scroll – the app feature that means you don't have to click to get to the next page and can keep scrolling for far longer than maybe necessary or healthy.
阿扎·拉斯金发明了无限下拉滚动的功能，这个应用程序功能意味着你不需要点击进入下一个页面，你可以无限地下拉页面，但滚动的时间可能比必要的或健康的标准长得多。
Aza says he did not intend to hook users with it but says the business model of many social media companies is designed to maximise user time online. He says this encourages designers to come up with technological tricks that hook users.
阿扎说他发明这个功能的目的不是为了勾住用户，但他表示，许多社交媒体公司的商业模式旨在让用户呆在线上的时间最大化。他说，这鼓励设计师们想出一些能吸引用户的技术诀窍。
Sandy Parakilas, who was a platform operations manager at Facebook in 2011 and 2012, said there was definitely an awareness that Facebook was habit-forming when he worked at the company.
桑迪·帕拉吉拉斯在 2011年和 2012年间担任脸书的平台运营经理，他说他在任期间，公司内部确实意识到脸书容易让用户上瘾。
Facebook and Instagram have told the BBC that their apps are designed to bring people together and that they never set out to create addictive products.
脸书和照片墙告诉 BBC他们的应用程序的设计理念是让人们聚在一起，而从未想开发让人上瘾的产品。
Around the world there are a variety of ways to express gratitude in thousands of different languages. Here in England, children are taught from a young age that they should say "thank you" whenever possible, with "what's the magic word?" being a familiar phrase with parents across the nation.
在世界各地，上千种不同语言中有各种各样表达感激之情的方式。在英国，孩子们在很小的时候就被教导说，只要有机会就应该说“谢谢”。家长们用家喻户晓的“那个神奇的词是什么？”这句话教育孩子要记得说“谢谢”。
Now scientists have looked at languages across five continents and found that officially no one expresses gratitude more than the British. But not as much as you may think – we only say 'thank you' just one in seven occasions that we should do.
现在，科学家们已经研究了五大洲的多种语言，发现没有人比英国人表达感激之情的次数多。但实际次数可能没你想的那么多，我们只在七分之一该表达感谢的场合中说“谢谢你”。
Russians only thanked each other 3% of the time and Italians only 14%. But Giovanni Rossi of the University of Helsinki and a lead author of the study said that this wasn't just people being rude.
俄罗斯人在交流时感谢彼此的比例是3%，而意大利人也只有14%。但赫尔辛基大学的乔瓦尼·罗西和这项研究的主要作者说，这不仅仅只因为人们比较粗鲁。
Giovanni and his fellow scientists suggest that English children might be coerced by adults to enter into a politeness routine when their parents might not even do the same.
乔瓦尼和他的同事们认为，英国的孩子可能是被成年人强迫养成一种礼貌习惯，然而他们的父母甚至可能不会这般礼貌。
The lecturer's union says people should know their final exam results before applying for university rather than relying on what it calls 'highly inaccurate predicted grades'.
英国大学学院工会称报考大学的学生应在得到自己的考试成绩后再申请学校，而不应该依赖于人们俗称的“高度不准确的预测成绩”来选院校。
The most recent figures show that about three quarters of applicants got worse results than their teachers had forecast.
最新的数据显示，有四分之三左右的申请者的考试成绩比老师预估的成绩要差。 
Head teachers have backed the calls for a change saying that relying on predicted grades is out of date and no longer fit for purpose.
很多校长们支持要求改变的呼声，他们说依靠预测成绩的方法已经过时，不再适用。 
But the university admissions service, UCAS, wants to keep the current timetable saying that if applications began after the academic year had finished, poorer students would have less access to advice from their teachers.
但负责大学招生工作的英国大学和学院招生服务中心希望保留现行的招生时间表，因为如果等学年结束之后再开始申请大学，那么家境较贫困的学生从老师那里得到的报考建议将会减少。
It took a clever feat of genetics to figure out this relationship. The researchers studied what happened to people who had mutations in their DNA that were either linked to short-sightedness or to spending a long time in education.
通过遗传学一系列巧妙的计算，人们找出了这种关系。研究人员分析了基因突变人群的基因变化与近视或花在学业上时间的关系。
By following 68,000 people in these groups they were able to show that time in the classroom was causing damage to our eyes. Everyone will be affected differently, but on average the difference between finishing university and dropping out at 16 is big enough to require glasses when driving.
研究人员通过跟踪这些群体中的6万8千人证实，在教室里学习对我们的眼睛造成了伤害。每个人都会受到不同的影响，但平均而言，完成大学学业的人和16岁辍学的人之间的差距大到前者开车时需佩戴眼镜。
The study in the British Medical Journal is not a call to quit school. The researchers say getting children outside in bright light for classes and break time may be the best way of protecting their vision.
这项发表在《英国医学期刊》上的研究结果不是要呼吁大家退学。研究人员表示让儿童在明亮的户外活动、上课和休息可能是保护他们视力最好的方法。
The first set of accounts to be published since the start of the decade-long project to upgrade Buckingham Palace, show that more than £4m was spent carrying out the initial phase of works including the removal of old and dangerous wiring.
这是历时十年翻修白金汉宫工程开始以来发布的第一套账目报告。报告显示，超过400万英镑被用于完成初期阶段的工程，包括拆除旧的和危险的供电线路。
The costs are set to increase exponentially with the renovations moving to the east wing – the section facing the Mall and its famous balcony. The figures also show the Prince of Wales took twice as many journeys on the Royal Train as the Queen, including a trip from London to Durham at a cost of £21,000.
随着翻修工程进入东翼，包括面向林荫路和著名的阳台的部分，花销成本将呈指几何数增长。公布的账目数字还记录了威尔士亲王乘坐皇家列车的次数比女王多两倍，其中包括一次从伦敦到达勒姆的行程，花了2.1万英镑。
Costs relating to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry have risen by up to 40 per cent over the past financial year. A Palace spokesman refused to be drawn on how much of the rise was related to Meghan, the new Duchess of Sussex.
在过去的财政年度里，剑桥公爵和公爵夫人以及哈里王子的花销上升了40%。一位王室发言人拒绝透露有多少花销增长与苏塞克斯公爵夫人梅根有关。
The world is changing; education must too, according to the government. T-levels will be offered to 16-year-old students who'd normally be going on to study academic A-levels. They're vocational, covering subjects like finance and accounting, engineering and manufacturing and construction.
英国政府称，世界在变化，所以教育也应顺应当下。T-levels 将面向那些通常会学习高中学术课程 A-levels （相当于英国学生大学入学考试）的 16岁学生。这类职业培训型课程涵盖金融、会计、制造和工程等科目。
The plan is for employers to help create the courses and offer compulsory work placements. The first courses start in just over two years but there are concerns that could be too soon for such a dramatically new programme.
此计划的目的是为了让雇主帮助创建课程并按规定必须提供相应的实习机会。首批课程将在短短两年后展开，但人们担心，对于这样一个全新的课程来说，可能还为时过早。
Critics warn that rushing it through risks young people's futures. The government says, in a fast-moving economy, T-levels are needed to prepare young people for the jobs of tomorrow.
评论人士提醒说，匆忙实施改革危及年轻人的未来。英国政府称，在快速发展的经济状况下，需要通过 T-levels 课程来帮助年轻人做好适应未来工作的准备。
As humans moved indoors many thousands of years ago, we became increasingly separated from the outdoor environment and all the organisms which live there. In fact, nowadays more than a third of bacteria in our beds comes from our own bodies.   几千年前，当人类搬进室内生活时，我们越来越远离户外环境及生活在那里的各类微生物。事实上，现在我们床上超过三分之一的细菌来自我们自己的身体。  To assess the impact of this indoor lifestyle, scientists looked at another mammal which builds structures for sleeping in – the chimpanzee – collecting samples from nests in the Issa Valley in Tanzania.  为了评估室内生活方式的影响，科学家们观察了另一种会为睡眠搭窝的哺乳动物 — 黑猩猩 — 他们从坦桑尼亚伊萨谷的黑猩猩巢穴中采集了样本。  The researchers found that they contained fewer faecal, oral or skin bacteria than beds in most human households even though the chimps go to the toilet over the sides of their nests. Part of the reason is they move to a new nest every night.   研究人员发现，这些样本中所包含的排泄物、口腔和皮肤细菌要少于大多数人类家庭床上的细菌，尽管猩猩是在它们的巢边上厕所。造成该结果的部分原因是它们每天晚上都会搬到新巢过夜。  Even though the chimps spend more than half the day in bed, the scientists also found hardly any fleas or lice in their nests, whereas our homes have been found to have hundreds of these parasites including some specially adapted to living indoors with humans.
虽然黑猩猩每天有一大半的时间都是在巢中度过的，科学家们几乎没有在它们的巢中发现任何跳蚤或虱子，然而却在我们的家中发现了数百种寄生物，其中包括一些已特别适应了与人类在室内生活的寄生虫。
Young people from rich families are still much more likely to get top places at top universities, says this report from higher education experts. And they say one practical measure to widen access would be for two of the most prestigious universities, Oxford and Cambridge, to create more places.
一项出自高等教育专家的研究报告称，家庭条件富裕的年轻人更有可能在一流大学的热门课程的入学名单上位居前列。他们还说，要扩大招生范围，一种切实可行的措施就是让牛津和剑桥这两所备负盛名的大学加设更多入学名额。
Whilst some other leading universities have expanded their intakes by 30, 40 or even 50 per cent in recent years, Oxford and Cambridge have kept their undergraduate numbers broadly the same.
近年来，尽管其它一些顶尖英国大学的招生人数增加了30%、40%甚至是50%，但牛津与剑桥的本科生人数基本保持不变。
The Higher Education Policy Institute says if Oxbridge colleges have no capacity to expand, that it may be time to build some entirely new colleges. But Oxford and Cambridge have both said there were no plans for any such expansion.
高等教育政策研究所称，如果牛剑各学院没有能力扩招，那么也许是时候考虑建立一些全新的学院了。但对此，牛津大学和剑桥大学均表示没有此类的扩张计划。
It’s well known that birds evolved from dinosaurs - gradually growing feathers and taking to the air. But their tiny delicate skulls have been difficult to study as they’re rarely preserved as fossils.
众所周知，鸟类是由恐龙进化而来的。它们逐渐地长出羽毛并飞向天空。但由于鸟类的头骨微小而纤细，因此很少有保存完好的化石，这使相关研究的展开变得困难。
Now researchers have combined extraordinary new fossil discoveries with the latest CT scanning techniques to make the most advanced 3D model of the skull of a primitive bird. They say creatures existed for much of the age of the dinosaurs that looked half-bird, half-dinosaur.
现在，研究人员们把令人惊叹的化石新发现和最新电子计算机断层扫描技术结合起来，制作出了最为先进的原始鸟类头骨3D模型。他们说，这类看起来半鸟半恐龙的生物存在于恐龙时代的大部分时期内。
Ichthyornis, which was the size of a seagull, had a beak and a brain much like modern birds but the sharp teeth and powerful jaws of dinosaurs like Velociraptor. Its bones were first found in the 1870s drawing the attention of Charles Darwin. Modern-day scientists say this amazing bird, which gives a picture of what the first beaks were like, has been under their noses the whole time.
鱼鸟的体型如海鸥，它的喙和脑部构造与现代鸟类非常相近，但它却拥有伶盗龙一般尖利的牙齿和强健的下颚。这类动物的骨头于 1870 年代首次被人发现，当时引起了查尔斯·达尔文的关注。当代科学家们说，这种使我们了解到鸟喙最初外观的神奇鸟儿，原来一直都近在眼前。
The companies range from consumer giants like Proctor and Gamble and Coca-Cola to supermarkets including Asda and Marks and Spencer. And they've come together with government, trade associations and campaigners to form what's called a Plastics Pact.
签署协定的公司包括从宝洁和可口可乐这样的消费品巨头到阿斯达和马莎等超市，种类繁多。它们与政府、贸易协会以及环保人士们共同组成了名为“英国塑料协定”的环保项目。
It's a series of pledges meant to tackle plastic pollution over the next seven years. For example, to improve designs to make recycling easier - many products are currently made with a mix of different types of plastic. Also to cut out unnecessary single-use packaging and to include more recycled plastic in new products.
该协定包括一系列旨在接下来七年着手处理塑料污染问题承诺。比如，通过改善设计而简化回收过程，因为目前有很多商品是用不同种类的塑料混合制成的。还有停止使用不必要的一次性包装以及在新产品中加入更多再生塑料。
The move has been welcomed by environmental groups, who've long-argued that pollution can never be reduced until products are designed with recycling in mind. But Friends of the Earth says government measures are also needed to make sure the targets are met.
此举得到了各环保团体的支持，他们一直认为，除非在商品设计之初就考虑到回收利用，否则污染是不会被减少的。但环保组织“地球之友”称，政府需要采取相关措施，以确保目标得以实现。
There have been dramatic successes in combating malaria over the past 20 years. The number of cases has dropped by 60 per cent and six countries have eliminated it. But figures released at the end of last year show an increase which has shocked experts. They warn it could signal the resurgence of the disease.
Young children are the most at risk. It's thought one child dies every minute from malaria. Developing resistance to drugs and insecticides is part of the problem but funding levels have also reduced.
Campaigners say a new strategy is required. More money for research and data-gathering technology will help experts target the worst affected areas but they say government commitment is vital to prevent malaria making a comeback.
在过去的20年间，人们在抵御疟疾上取得了巨大的成功。疟疾病例的总数下降了60%，而且有六个国家已根除此病。但在去年底发布的数据却显示，该病例总数有所增长，这震惊了相关专家。他们警告说，这可能预示着该疾病将卷土重来。
幼儿面临的风险最大。据说每过一分钟就有一个孩子死于疟疾。对药物和杀虫剂产生抗药性是问题之一，但与此同时，针对疟疾的研究资金也有所降低。
致力于抗争疟疾的人士表示，我们需要一个新策略。为研究和数据收集技术投入更多的经费将帮助专家针对受疾病影响最严重的地区开展工作，但他们说政府的承诺对防止疟疾再度流行来说至关重要。
The political list can be hundreds long – military and religious figures, foreign dignitaries, diplomats, members of the House of Lords, politicians. At a big venue like Westminster Abbey, which can take more than 2,000 guests, the list can be easily accommodated. But St George's chapel in Windsor takes 800 people at best and there's much less constitutional significance to this wedding than some – Prince Harry is currently fifth in line to the throne.
政界宾客的名单可能会多达数百人，包括军事和宗教人物、外国显要、外交官、英国上议院议员和政治家。像威斯敏斯特大教堂这样可容纳2000多位嘉宾的大型场地的确能为这张名单上的人们提供绰绰有余的空间。但位于温莎城堡内的圣乔治教堂最多只能容纳800人，而且本次王室婚礼较其它婚礼来说并没有太多宪法上的意义，哈里王子目前是英国王位的第五顺位继承人（2018年4月23日剑桥公爵次子出生后，哈里王子成为英王位第六顺位继承人）。
So the list has been done away with - a royal source says that only those that have a direct relationship with the couple will be invited. That might have included the Obamas – the former president struck up a friendship with Prince Harry at the Invictus Games for injured military veterans – but the Obamas are not coming.
所以，这张名单已被废除，来自王室的消息称，只有与这对新人有直接关系的人才会受邀参加婚礼。这样一来，婚礼嘉宾就可能包括奥巴马一家，因为这位美国前总统曾在为受伤退伍军人发起的“不可征服运动会”上与哈里王子认识并成为朋友，但奥巴马一家并未受邀。
At the same time as clarifying those who are not invited, Kensington Palace released details of some of those who will be invited into the grounds of Windsor Castle on the day. Amongst them, community volunteers, charity workers and military veterans.
在阐明未被邀请的人物及原因的同时，肯辛顿宫发布了婚礼当天受邀进入温莎城堡场地的宾客名单。其中包括社区志愿者、慈善工作者和退伍军人等。
在劳累的一天后能够在浴室里泡澡是一件非常惬意的事。但来自英国伦敦玛丽女王大学（Queen Mary University）研究病毒学的约翰·奥克斯福特（John Oxford）名誉教授说：“从卫生角度来看，浴室是一个难对付的地方。”一项由奥克斯福特教授监督指导的研究发现，在泡澡时常用来玩的橡皮鸭带有可致病细菌，这类玩具会给儿童和成人的健康带来危害。
The bath time routine – bubble bath, no-tear shampoo, plastic duck. Well, we can now add to that dense growths of bacteria and fungi. The Swiss researchers spent 11 weeks testing a range of bath toys and could give none a clean bill of health.
They say the problems are caused when warm water and the bodily fluids it contains remain trapped inside the toys. It’s a perfect breeding ground for potentially pathogenic bacteria.
The team say there is a risk of eye, ear or stomach infections and advise that rubber ducks or any other plastic toys be cleaned regularly or thrown away. 
孩子们沐浴时间的程序包括：泡泡浴、无泪配方的洗发露和塑料玩具鸭。那么，现在我们可得再加上密集生长的细菌和真菌。来自瑞士的研究人员花了11周的时间，测试了一系列沐浴玩具，但却无法证明其中的任何一种玩具是健康而卫生的。
他们说，导致此类问题的原因是浴缸中的温水及其所含的体液被困在了这些玩具里。这就为滋生潜在可致病的细菌提供了完美的繁殖地。
该研究团队表示，这会带来患眼部、耳部以及胃部感染的风险，并建议人们定期清洗橡皮鸭和其它塑料玩具，或者把它们扔掉。
欧洲著名的埃特纳火山正缓慢向大海滑动。科学家们已证实，位于意大利西西里岛的整个火山结构正以每年14毫米的速度慢慢地向地中海方向挪动。由英国科学家带领的研究小组称，这种情况需要密切监测，因为这可能会增加未来埃特纳火山周围地区的危险。
The Open University geologist John Murray has spent almost half a century studying Europe's premiervolcano.
In that time, he's placed a network of high-precision GPS stations around the mountain to monitor its behaviour. The instrumentation senses tiny changes in the shape of the volcanic cone; and with 11 years of data, it’s now obvious Etna is moving in an east-south-east direction.
The motion is small. But volcanoes that have shown this kind of trend can suffer catastrophic collapses on their leading flank. Dr Murray's team stress there is no evidence that this is about to happen at Etna, but say the slide will need close attention in the years ahead.
来自开放大学的地质学家约翰·穆雷花了近半个世纪的时间研究这座欧洲著名的火山。
期间，他在这座火山周围设置了高精度的GPS定位站网络，从而监测它的动向。该控制仪器可以感知火山锥形状的细微变化；从11年间获取的数据中可以看出，埃特纳火山很显然正在朝东南偏东方向滑动。
它移动的距离很小。但已显示出这种趋势的火山可能会引起火山移动前坡的灾难性坍塌。穆雷博士的团队强调，目前没有证据表明这种情况会在埃特纳火山发生，但说在未来时间里，需密切关注火山滑动的情况。
While cancer survival rates have improved dramatically, patients who aren't displaying very obvious signs of the illness sometimes struggle to access quickly the help they need.
Those with vague, non-specific symptoms, such as unexplained weight loss or abdominal pain, can be referred several times for different tests for different cancers.
So NHS England is now adopting an approach first developed in Denmark by introducing ten specialist rapid diagnostic and assessment centres. The aim is that every patient is either diagnosed or given the all-clear within 28 days.
英国的癌症存活率近年来已有了极大的提高。未表现出明显癌症症状的患者有时很难快速得到他们所需要的帮助。
有模糊或非特定性症状的病人，包括原因不明的消瘦、腹痛，可能会被全科医生转诊去做不同癌症的多项专科化验。
因此，英国国家医疗服务体系英格兰分部先开始采用一项由丹麦开发的体制，引入了十个专科快速诊断和评估中心。他们的目标是在28天内，能给每个病人确诊或完全解除“警报”。
The link between cancer and lifestyle, how much we eat, smoke and exercise is becoming even more stark. The latest data on cancer shows that in 2015, smoking was responsible for more than 54,000 cases of the disease. It remains the most common cause of cancer despite a fall in the number of smokers.
In contrast, the rise in obesity, which is linked to 13 different cancers including breast, bowel and womb, means it is now the second biggest cause of the disease, affecting 22,000 people a year. Too much ultraviolet radiation from the sun or sunbeds, leading to skin cancer, is the third most common cause, with more than 13,000 cases.
Cancer Research UK says that while adopting a healthy lifestyle, stopping smoking, eating a good diet and exercising will not necessarily prevent cancer, it can greatly reduce the risk of developing the disease.
癌症与生活方式、食量、吸烟量和运动量之间的联系正变得愈发明显。有关癌症的最新数据显示，在2015年，因吸烟造成的癌症病例数量超过54,000个。尽管吸烟者数量有所下降，吸烟仍是最常见的致癌原因。
相反，肥胖人群的增加意味着在英国它现在是致癌的第二大原因，每年有22,000人因此患癌，此外，肥胖与乳腺癌、肠癌和子宫癌等13种癌症也有关。致癌的第三大根源是过多接触太阳光或日光浴床中的紫外线辐射而导致的皮肤癌，共有13,000起病例。
英国癌症研究所称，虽然养成健康的生活方式、戒烟、保持良好的饮食习惯和运动不一定会防癌，但这样做会大大降低患癌的风险。
Our drinks in future are going to be a bit more expensive. We'll get our money back if we can be bothered to return our drinks containers to the shop. If the UK follows the sort of scheme adopted long ago across much of northern Europe, the empty bottles and cans would go into a machine that would identify them and give you a coupon to spend in the shop.
The Norway scheme has recycling rates of 94 per cent. Its UK counterpart will cover plastic, glass, steel and aluminium containers. Key questions are how much deposit should be charged and whether it should apply to large supermarket bottles or just to smaller bottles on the go.
Environmentalists are delighted but some industry figures may be worried about the price tag because business could be asked to pick up the bill for installing and running the deposit return scheme. Currently packaging manufacturers pay only around ten per cent of the local authority bill for recycling packaging.
未来我们喝的饮料的价格会变得更贵一点。不过只要费点力把装饮料的容器送回商店，我们就可以拿回一部分钱。如果英国也遵循这种早已被很多北欧国家采用的方案，就意味着店内会摆放一种机器，它能识别出被投入的空瓶空罐，并印出一张可在该店消费的代金券。
已实施该计划的挪威现在的回收率是94%。而英国的同类方案则会针对塑料、玻璃、钢和铝制容器进行收费。重要的问题包括：瓶罐押金的具体金额以及该制度是包括超市中常见的大号饮料瓶，还是仅限于随身携带的小号饮料瓶。
虽然环境保护主义者们对此感到高兴，但一些业界人士担心其价格费用，因为商户可能会被要求为安装和运行押金退还项目掏腰包。目前，包装制造商只需向地方政府支付10%左右的包装回收费。
曼彻斯特联足球俱乐部（Manchester United）考虑通过分发歌词单以及派拉拉队员手举扩音器指挥观众的形式来调动比赛的气氛，后者多见于欧洲大陆的球场上。俱乐部主教练何塞·穆里尼奥（Jose Mourinho）此前说过，曼联主赛场老特拉福德球场（Old Trafford）的观众们“过于安静”。请听报道。
Football songs or chants are mysterious – it's never clear exactly how they begin, but it is obvious when they stop. The sound of silence has been bothering Manchester United. Their manager, Jose Mourinho, recently described the Old Trafford crowd as 'quiet'.
Now United are considering ways to stimulate the atmosphere, with a full update promised in May. A kind of cheerleader with a loudhailer to conduct the crowd is one idea set to be presented to fans. A more radical but apparently less likely option is to hand out lyric sheets to supporters when they enter the stadium.
Some songs can be witty, honed specifically to celebrate a certain player or a moment in a club's history. Others rely more on a hypnotic repetition of syllables 'u-ni-ted', for example. 
The decline in singing maybe explained by changing demographics in football attendance, older supporters, more expensive tickets or by stadium design. All-seater arenas may discourage the instinct to stand up and sing. But the balance is also important.
Under Jose Mourinho, Manchester United have been playing functional but unspectacular football. So, do the fans inspire the players or is it the other way round?
足球场颂歌和助威歌很神秘 — 这类歌曲的真正起源从未被人知晓，但它们成为明日黄花的时日却显而易见。曼彻斯特联足球俱乐部（简称“曼联”）正在因安静的球场气氛而备受困扰。主教练何塞·穆里尼奥（Jose Mourinho）最近称老特拉福德球场的观众们“安静”。
现在，曼联正在考虑用不同的方法活跃现场气氛，并保证会在五月做出全面更新。其中一种展现给球迷们的新方式是：派类似于拉拉队员的工作人员在场内手举扩音器并指挥现场观众唱歌。另一种全然不同却显然不大可能被采用的选择是在球迷进场时分发写有歌词的纸张。
有一些歌曲风趣诙谐，而且特地为庆祝某位球员或某足球俱乐部的历史瞬间而精心编写而成。还有一些歌曲则凭借有催眠作用的重复性音节来达到效果，比如强调俱乐部名称的音节：“u-ni-ted”。
唱足球助威歌这一现象之所以减少，可能是由于看球的特定人群发生了变化，即球迷年龄和票价的增长，也可能是球场设计的影响。全座位式球场也许会抑制人们起身歌唱的本能。不过在变化中找到合适的平衡也很重要。
自从穆里尼奥带领曼联以来，该球队的风格一直注重实用，却趋于平庸。那么，到底是球迷激励了球员还是恰恰相反呢？
英国财政部正在征求各界人士对现金未来的看法，此举可能是为取消1便士（100便士相当于1英镑，1便士约为人民币8分）及2便士的小面值硬币铺平道路。该部门邀请了相关人士就目前流通的各类小面值硬币给予置评，因为随着消费者转向非现金支付，如非接触式付款和数字消费，现金的使用越来越少。
The Treasury says that six out of ten copper coins are used only once before being stashed away or even chucked in the bin. The Royal Mint has been issuing hundreds of millions of the coins every year, only for them to disappear into jars or the back of drawers, which the government believes isn't cost-effective.
There's been a sharp drop in cash transactions under five pounds since the introduction of contactless card payments. As yet, the Treasury says it has no plans to get rid of the coins but many see this as the beginning of the end.
英国财政部称，每十枚铜币（即便士）中就会有六枚硬币仅在一次使用后就被人存置一旁，甚至被扔进垃圾箱。英国皇家铸币局（The Royal Mint）每年都在发行数以千万枚的硬币，而这些硬币最后却只能被藏到存钱罐里或是抽屉的深处，英国政府认为这是不划算的。
自英国引进非接触式银行卡支付以来，小于五镑的现金交易数量急剧下降。到目前为止，财政部说还没有制定废除小额硬币的相关计划，但很多人把政府征求置评一事看作小额硬币最终退出流通市场的开始。
近日，英国国会议员发起了一个向外带咖啡杯征税的建议。议员们认为，对外带咖啡杯征税可以减少一次性纸杯的使用，并同时鼓励商家多使用可回收再利用的杯子。但英国政府对沾满咖啡泡沫的纸杯是否能真正被回收提出了质疑。
When MPs proposed a levy on throwaway coffee cups, it caught the public’s imagination. The MPs said the idea could radially cut the number of cups littering the streets and nudge coffee shops to providing recyclable cups.
The government said it wasn’t convinced that the recycling industry could handle supposedly recyclable cups that were actually covered in cold cappuccino froth. Ministers said shop owners could offer discounts for coffee drinkers carrying their own cups. But the MPs said taxes would prove much more effective than discounts and accused the government of not taking plastic waste seriously.
The government denied that and said the situation was too complex to rush into hasty solutions.
英国国会议员发起向外带咖啡杯征税的建议引起了民众的关注。议员们称这个计划可以大幅地减少外带杯被乱扔在街头的数量，并且能鼓励咖啡店给顾客提供可回收再利用的杯子。
英国政府表示，他们不相信回收行业可以处理这些所谓可回收的杯子，尤其是当杯中沾了一层冷卡布奇诺沫。大臣们说虽然咖啡店主可给自带杯子的顾客打折，但税收会比折扣更有效。他们同时指责政府没有认真对待塑料垃圾的问题。
英国政府否认了这一说法，并表示问题过于复杂而不应草率解决。
据英国国家统计局最新发表的数字显示，在英格兰和威尔士的部分地区，人们的身体健康水平从47岁就开始走下坡路。另外，对某些地区的分析结果显示，造成健康预期寿命不均等的因素包括人们的居住地。
A baby girl born in part of Middlesbrough in the North East of England can expect to have 35 fewer years of good health than a similar girl born in a rich part of Guildford in Surrey - just 48 years compared to 83. The inequality is startling – and it's a similar story for males: a baby boy born in a deprived district of Blackpool can expect just 47 years of healthy life, while in Knightsbridge in London it's 79.
These figures come just a week after official data showed that after decades of improvement, healthy life expectancy and overall life expectancy for baby girls in the poorest ten per cent of English and Welsh households is now falling.
The problem emerges as worst in places like Stockton-on-Tees and Stoke-on-Trent, where life expectancy's fallen more than nine months in the last three years. For men, the falls have been greatest in Southend-on-Sea, Walsall and the Isle of Wight. The reasons for the falls is unclear but rising obesity rates and cuts to public spending have both been blamed.
一名出生于英格兰东北部米德尔斯堡的女婴和一名出生于萨里郡吉尔福德的女婴相比，前者“较为健康地生活”时间要比后者少35年，也就是说，前者可以健康地生活48年，而后者为83年。这个地区不均等的数字是惊人的，对于男性的分析预测结果相似：一名出生于贫困地区，布莱克浦的男孩可以健康地生活47年，而对出生于伦敦骑士桥区域的男孩来说，这个数字则是79。
就在这些数据发布前一周，官方数据显示，尽管经过几十年的不断改善，生活在英格兰和威尔士最贫穷的10%家庭中的女婴，其健康预期寿命和预期寿命都在下降。
出现这个问题最严重的地区是蒂斯河畔斯托克顿和斯托克城，在过去三年里，生活在那里的人们的平均寿命下降了九个多月。对于男性来说，预期寿命缩短幅度最大的地区是滨海绍森德，沃尔萨尔和怀特岛。预期寿命缩短的原因尚不清楚，但肥胖率的上升和公共支出的削减都被指为潜在因素。
英国剑桥公爵威廉王子和剑桥公爵夫人凯特王妃，哈里王子及他的未婚妻梅根·马克尔（Meghan Markle）首次为了工作在公众场合一同露面。这几位被称为王室版“披头士四人组（The Fab Four）”的年轻人讲述了慈善事业对于他们的重要性。梅根说她非常期待开始履行皇室职务。
It was the first working appearance by the foursome who will take the Royal Family forward for decades to come.
In a speech, William said their parents had set them an example of compassion and duty; their grandparents had made support for charities central to their decades of service. Their task, William said, was to engage in public life in a way which was updated and relevant for what he called "our generation."
To that end, in a discussion that followed, Meghan Markle said that she was looking forward to hitting the ground running on issues like women's rights after her wedding in May.
这是四人首次为了工作在公众场合一同露面，他们也将成为在接下来的几十年内带领英国王室家族前进的主要角色。
在一次演讲中，威廉王子说他的父母给他和弟弟哈里王子树立了一个做有爱心、有责任感的人的榜样；他们的祖父母长久以来也同样地把支持慈善机构视为其王室工作的要务。威廉王子说，他们的任务是通过最新的和被他称作“我们这一代人”密切相关的方式参与到公众事务中去。
为此，在后续的讨论中，梅根·马克尔表示她非常期待在五月份与哈里王子举行婚礼后开始投入到包括女性权利等问题的相关工作中去。
据一项研究显示，老鼠并非传播黑死病这场瘟疫的罪魁祸首。人们曾经普遍认为，在15到20世纪欧洲爆发的一系列疾病是由啮齿动物及鼠蚤大范围扩散而导致的。然而，来自挪威奥斯陆和意大利费拉拉市部分大学的研究团队发现，黑死病肆虐其实另有原因。
Scientists used historical records from plague outbreaks in nine European cities, building a picture of how the disease spread.
They then compared the actual spread to three computer-simulated outbreaks: One where the disease was transmitted by rat fleas, one where it was airborne and another that modelled the transmission by fleas and lice that live on humans and their clothes.
Their conclusion: human lice caused the pandemic because this model mimicked the actual spread of the Black Death much more closely than the others.
科学家们利用九个欧洲城市的瘟疫爆发历史记录再现了该病在当时传播的过程。
接着，他们把实际的传播过程与计算机模拟生成的三类爆发情况做了比较。这三类爆发分别是由鼠蚤传播、经空气传播以及依靠人类身上寄生的跳蚤和虱子传播的模拟情况。 
这组科学家给出的结论是：由于该模型模拟生成的黑死病实际传播情况要比其它研究更加仔细，所以他们认为人类身上的虱子才是导致这场流行病的原因。
50多位高知名度的倡导者及社会名流呼吁加强动物保护，禁止活煮龙虾和螃蟹。他们已在一封给英国环境大臣迈克尔·戈夫（Michael Gove）的联名信上签名，敦促他在新的动物福利法案中把甲壳类动物归为“有知觉的生物”。
Scientists say pain is not a straightforward concept and it can take many years of research to establish whether or not certain animals can feel it. But campaigners argue there is now mounting evidence that lobsters and crabs do suffer when plunged into boiling water.
科学家们说，疼痛并不是一个简单易懂的概念，而且要想证实某些动物能否感觉到疼痛，可能需要多年的研究。但该倡议的支持者们指出，现已有越来越多的证据表明龙虾和螃蟹在被人扔进沸水中后确实会承受痛苦。
The British Veterinary Association, along with celebrities such as the wildlife presenter Chris Packham, wants the Environment Secretary Michael Gove to grant the animals extra protection in a forthcoming Animal Welfare Bill.
英国兽医协会（The British Veterinary Association）和野生动物节目主持人克里斯·帕克汉姆（Chris Packham）等名人都希望英国环境大臣迈克尔·戈夫能在即将被审议的动物福利法案中授予动物额外的保护。
There are practical reasons to boil some crustaceans alive – their meat tends to spoil particularly fast, but campaigners say there are more humane killing methods that will have little impact on the food's preparation.
活煮一些甲壳类动物的做法是有一定实际原因的，比如有些动物一旦死亡，肉会很快变质。但针对这一点，该倡议的支持者们说，除了活煮以外应该还有不会对食物制备过程产生太大影响的、更为人道的宰杀方法。
In response, the government said it was committed to the very highest standards of animal welfare.
英国政府对此事的回应是：他们致力于确保最高水准的动物福祉。
一组科学家称，继海洋变暖后，塑料已成为危及珊瑚礁生存最大的威胁之一。研究人员发现亚太海域中有三分之一的珊瑚礁被超过110亿件塑料垃圾所覆盖。
Discarded plastic bags, water bottles and food wrappers: researchers say they were saddened to find so much plastic tangled around delicate corals.
（海洋中有）被人们丢弃的塑料袋、水瓶和食品包装：研究人员们说，他们非常伤心地发现，在脆弱的珊瑚周围竟缠结了这么多塑料。
After surveying 159 coral reefs across the Asia Pacific region, they estimated that 11 billion items of plastic are polluting coral reefs and this could reach more than 15 billion by 2025.
在对亚太地区的159座珊瑚礁进行检测后，研究人员估计现已有110亿件塑料垃圾对此地珊瑚礁的生态环境带来了严重的污染，而且这些塑料垃圾的数量有可能在2025年前升至150亿件。
The scientists say there's a link with diseases that can kill coral. Outbreaks are 20 times more likely when plastic is present.
这些科学家还表示，该状况与可导致珊瑚死亡的一系列疾病之间有关联。当珊瑚附近有塑料存在时，疾病暴发的可能性要高于无塑料环境的20倍。
到2021年，英格兰地区每一座大城市、乡镇的店铺、咖啡厅和商户都会免费给路人提供续水服务。推行该计划的行业机构英国水务公司（Water UK）称，此项目每年可以减少数千万一次性塑料瓶的使用。
You won't go thirsty in Bradford on Avon (UK). In this Wiltshire market town, more than 20 businesses will now top up your water bottle for free. From Dean behind the till in the hardware store – to Elly in the independent supermarket. Water on tap whenever you want it.
在英国的埃文河畔布拉福德，你是不会因为没有水而感到口渴的。这个经常举办集市的小镇位于英格兰维尔特郡，现在，这里的20多家商户都可以免费为你的水瓶续满水。无论是在硬件商店负责收银的迪安，还是在小型独立超市里工作的艾丽，只要有需求，他们就会随时帮你加满水。
Gill Holling showed me how to source the free water on a mobile phone app. She signed the town up to the refill scheme which started here in the west of England and is now going nationwide, backed by some leading hotel and pub chains and water companies.
吉尔·豪琳（Gill Holling）向我展示了怎样用手机应用程序来寻找免费续水站的地点。是她替这座小镇报名参与了这项始于英格兰西部而现在在全国迅速普及的续水项目，该项目由顶级酒店、酒吧连锁企业及水务公司资助。
But the body that represents bottled water companies says lots of us still want the convenience of buying it chilled or fizzy.
但代表生产瓶装水公司的机构称，很多人还是希望能方便地直接购买冷却的或起泡的瓶装水。
Refill UK, which started in Bristol, estimates that if everyone in that city alone refilled just one bottle, once a week, it would save more than 20 million plastic bottles in a year.
始于布里斯托的“英国续水计划（Refill UK）”估计，如果这座城市里的每个人每周能续一瓶水的话，那么每年就可以节省两千万个塑料瓶的使用。
墨西哥的潜水员们在当地发现了“世界上最长的”水下洞穴，这个洞穴长约216英里（347公里）。名为“大玛雅地下水层项目（The Gran Acuifero Maya project）”的工作人员称，这一发现将帮助我们更加深入地了解有关玛雅文明的历史。
The group of divers spent months exploring a maze of underwater channels near the Mexican beach resort of Tulum. Parts of the region were inhabited by the ancient Mayan civilisation before the Spanish conquest in the 16th century.
这组潜水员用了数月时间在墨西哥海滩度假胜地图卢姆（Tulum）附近对水下错综复杂的峡谷开展了研究活动。该地的部分区域在17世纪被西班牙占领前曾是玛雅文明的所在地。
With more than 200 caves, they thought there was chance that something record-breaking would be found below the surface – they just had no proof – until now. For the team has discovered that one large cavern, Sac Actun, is actually connected to another, Dos Ojos, creating a 350km-long cave. Now for size, that's the equivalent of 7,000 Olympic swimming pools in length and in places up to 100m deep.
该团队已挖掘出的洞穴有200多个，因此他们认为很可能会在水下发现长度破纪录的一个，只是直到现在为止，他们没有找到证据。已发现的被称作“白色洞穴（Sac Actun）”的巨大山洞其实与“双眼洞穴（Dos Ojos）”相连，共同构成了350公里长的山洞。它的大小相当于7000个奥林匹克规模的游泳池的总长，而且洞中一些地方的深度达100米。
And it's not just the size that matters. The area also hosts a wealth of historical treasures. Guillermo de Anda is director of the Gran Acuifero Maya project. He said the discovery would help them better understand the rich culture in the region.
这个洞穴的重要之处并不只是其长度。这个地区还汇聚了丰富的历史珍宝。吉利尔莫·德·安达（Guillermo de Anda）是大玛雅地下水层项目的负责人。他说，该发现会帮助研究团队更深入地了解当地丰富多彩的文化。
But while its size makes this the longest underwater cave, it can't take the title of longest cave. That belongs to the mammoth cave complex in the American hillsides of Kentucky – thought to be near double the length. They'll need to keep diving to beat that one.
虽然它是世界上最长的水下洞穴，但它无法夺得“世界最长洞穴”的头衔。因为这个称号属于位于美国肯塔基州猛犸洞穴群，它的长度几乎是最新发现的水下洞穴的两倍。要想打破这项记录，研究团队恐怕得在水下继续寻找才行。
英国高等教育政策研究所（Higher Education Policy Institute）的一项最新研究分析显示，国际学生对英国经济的贡献要比接待他们的成本高出十倍。分析报告指出，不只是学费这一项开销，国际学生在英期间的消费也已成为支撑当地经济的重要部分。
There are about 230,000 international students starting university in the UK each year. As well as tuition fees, the report says many local jobs depend upon their spending on everything from accommodation to restaurants and taxis.                                                                          
This is calculated as being worth, on average, more than £30m for every constituency. The think tank's director, Nick Hillman, says it shows international students should be removed from immigration targets. But the Home Office says that there is no limit on genuine students and that there are no plans to change the rules.
每年约有23万国际学生选择在英国上大学。英国高等教育政策研究所发表的报告说，不单靠学生交纳的学费，英国当地的很多工作都依赖于这些国际生在住宿、餐饮、交通等所有衣食住行方面的支出。
平均算下来，国际学生在英国的花销相当于给每个英国国会选区三千多万英镑的贡献。这家智库的主任尼克·希尔曼（Nick Hillman）说，这份报告说明国际学生不该成为移民局针对限制的目标对象。但英国内政部表示他们对于真正要来英国求学的学生数量并没有限制，他们也没有修改现行政策的计划。
法国莫雷特市市长拒绝延续以亲吻同事脸颊来打招呼的这个传统。皮卡德（Aude Picard-Wolff）说她不想再继续行“贴面礼”（la bise），而希望能用握手替换这个传统的问候方式。她还说自己曾在参加会议时故意晚到，以躲过这个法式的“亲脸问候”。以下是更多报道。
Aude Picard-Wolff says she's long been troubled by this French habit of the 'bise' – that is the systematic way among people who don't necessarily know each other very well at all, notably in the workplace, of kissing each other or at least feigning to, one, two or three times on the cheek.
The problem is not so much that it's a gross waste of time or a germ hazard, it's more that as a woman, she feels uncomfortable. Mainly in France, men do not give the bise to other men, except in the close family, but women feel automatically obliged to give and receive it with everyone.
So for Aude Picard-Wolff, in a very small way, it's an indicator of sexual inequality. What started as a personal initiative, has now gained nationwide coverage in France and Aude Picard-Wolff says she's been overwhelmed by the emails of support, mainly from women who say that they too have had enough of the bise and want the option, especially at work, of a frank, friendly handshake.
In many countries, like the UK, the handshake has given ground over the years to the continental kiss, French style. It would be irony indeed if the French now started the process in reverse.
皮卡德（Aude Picard-Wolff）说她已被 “贴面礼”这一法式问好方式困扰已久。所谓的“贴面礼”是指不太熟悉的人们在见面时彼此亲吻或至少是“假装亲吻”脸颊一次、两次或三次的通用问候方式，特别是在工作场所很常见。
问题倒不是在于贴面礼严重地浪费了时间或可能传播细菌，更关键的是对于女性来说此举让她们感到不适。在法国，男性基本上不会与另一位男士行贴面礼，家里亲人除外，但女性则会不由自主地感到自己应该接受或给他人行贴面礼。
所以对于皮卡德来说，行贴面礼看似是一件小事，但在某种程度上，它是一个反映性别不平等的指标。一开始拒行贴面礼只是她个人的倡议，但现在却引起了法国全国上下的关注，皮卡德也因收到大量支持她的邮件而非常感动，这些邮件大多来自受够贴面礼的女性，她们希望能有选择，尤其是在工作环境中，以一个坦诚、友好的握手来以示问候。
包括英国的在内的很多国家，握手已逐渐取代了这个在欧洲大陆流行的法式“亲吻礼”，成为人们日常问候的方式。不过，如果法国人现在也打破这个传统，不再使用亲吻脸颊作为见面问好的方式，那将多少具有些讽刺意味。
英国教育政策研究所发布的一项最新报告称，在英格兰，地理位置的划分对接受好学校教育机会的影响越来越明显。2010年到2015年间，在伦敦接受中学教育的学生取得学业进步的可能性最大。请看以下报道。
This research suggests that London is taking an increasing share of the secondary schools where pupils make the most progress. But places such as Blackpool and Hartlepool (in the north of England) are being left even further behind as debates about social mobility increasingly focus on regional differences.
The study says deprived areas of London can have more high-performing schools than better-off areas outside the capital. David Laws, the think tank's chair and a former education minister, said the widening inequality was "shocking".
But the Department for Education said that its investments in disadvantaged areas would help to spread opportunities more evenly across the country.
该研究显示，英国一些中学能培养出学业进步出众的学生，而位于伦敦的这类学校正占有越来越高的比例。然而，在英格兰北部的布莱克浦以及哈特利浦等地，其中学的教育水平则愈发被甩在后面。与此同时，有关社会流动性的争论正日益着眼于地域间的差异。
这项研究称，即使是在伦敦的贫困地区，升学率高的学校数量也可能多于伦敦以外富裕地区此类学校的数量。该智囊团主席及前教育部官员大卫∙劳斯（David Laws）说，这一日益加深的不平等现象“令人震惊”。
但英国教育部称，政府在贫困地区的投资将有助于更加均匀地分布全国各地的教育机会。
位于英格兰的二十处独特建筑物今年被英格兰历史建筑暨遗迹委员会（简称“英格兰遗产委员会”）列入了“受保护历史建筑”的名单中。英格兰遗产委员会说2017年共有1041个历史遗址被加入此名单中。这项特殊的保护意味着这些建筑或遗址不得被扩建或拆毁。请听报道。
From Whipsnade Tree Cathedral in Dunstable to a working men's club in Eastbourne. From the old milestone markers on the B4073 in Gloucestershire to the gravestone of Blackie the warhorse on Merseyside, it is an eclectic list of the listed: Historic England's selection of the most intriguing sites registered in 2017.
Possibly the most striking structure on the list is a Victorian gas tower off the Old Kent Road in London. When it was built in 1881 it was the biggest in the world. Its wrought iron frame has been dominating the skyline ever since. And like all the sites listed in 2017, it won't be going anywhere anytime soon.
一座位于太平洋中的小岛可能会为科学家提供火星上存在生命的证据。这座岛屿其实是一座水下火山露出水面的部分，恰恰是这座火山的活动为一些简单生物的形成提供了可能性。而火星上也有类似的火山残留痕迹。请听报道。
Our planet's youngest island has a tongue-twister of a name: Hunga Tonga Hunga Ha'apai. It exploded out of a huge submerged volcanic mountain in spectacular style, throwing ash and rock into the air.
Since the drama of its birth passed, though, scientists have been fascinated by the story of its survival. As Pacific waves lashed at it, researchers expected the island to erode away in months. But almost three years on, it's still there – a windswept volcanic cone of about two-and-a-half square kilometres.
Its entire life so far has been recorded on satellite images, and the researchers studying it have since been able to visit the island, collecting rock and soil samples. Jim Garvin from Nasa has been there and explained that it was a rare template for understanding how similar looking volcanoes on the surface of the Red Planet may have evolved.
But scientists don't expect it to stick around forever: storm action should eventually dismantle it. But they estimate they'll have about two to three decades to watch it very closely before its demise.  
近日，天文学家发现了迄今为止已知最遥远的“超大”黑洞。这个大量吞噬其周围物质的黑洞离地球的距离为130亿光年。请听以下的报道。
Scientists used telescopes in Chile and Hawaii and an orbiting NASA probe to detect a black hole 13 billion light years away from Earth at the centre of a huge luminous object known as a quasar.
Researchers from the Carnegie Institution for Science say light detected from the quasar dates back to only 690 million years after the Big Bang when the Universe was emerging from a period known as the Dark Ages.
Writing in the journal Nature, they say the age and sheer size of the black hole – about 800 million times the mass of our Sun – challenges current notions about the formation of these black holes and the Universe itself.
谷歌棋下的 DeepMind 公司在人工智能技术方面又取得了巨大的进步。新技术能使机器在没有人类玩家的帮助下挑战中国的围棋游戏。请听报道。
Last year DeepMind's AlphaGo programme took on and beat two of the world's best players of the Chinese game of Go - a feat seen as a milestone in the development of artificial intelligence. That programme was trained by first giving it vast amounts of data from amateur and professional games.
The new AlphaGo Zero began with a blank board and nothing but the rules of Go and set about playing against itself. Within three days it was so advanced that it took on the previous version, which had taken months to develop, and defeated it by a hundred games to zero.
DeepMind says that creating knowledge from first principles without learning from human expertise is an important step in developing artificial intelligence. The company's founder Demis Hassabis said this breakthrough could help in real world problems such as designing new drugs or discovering new materials. 
一个从一艘沉船中挖掘出的史前器物可能是目前世上发现的最早用于导航的工具。海洋考古学家说这个物体是一个“星盘”，海员在航行中用它测量太阳的高度，以确定所在位置。这个星盘是在1503年在印度洋暴风雪期间沉没的一艘葡萄牙船舰中找到的。请听报道。
The slim bronze disc was discovered during the excavation of the Esmeralda shipwreck – a Portuguese vessel that was exploring the Indian Ocean when it sank in a storm in 1503.
The object is decorated with a royal coat of arms, but laser scanning also revealed faint etchings around its edges, each separated by five degrees. It confirms that this is an astrolabe - an instrument used by mariners to measure the height of the sun above the horizon, enabling them to navigate the seas.
Only around one hundred of these items have been found, and this one most likely dates to the late fifteenth century, making it the earliest known example by several decades.
最新研究称，现代社会排放的二氧化碳不仅是全球气候变暖的主要原因，更是增加了海洋的酸性，进而威胁海洋生命。科学家研究了酸化海洋对不同生命阶段的海洋生物的影响以及其对海洋食物链的影响。请听报道。
CO2 emissions are warming the planet. They're also being soaked up by the oceans, and because CO2 is mildly acidic, that's turning sea water more acidic. Since the beginning of the industrial revolution, ocean acidity has increased by around a quarter.
This huge study concludes that some organisms may benefit from this change, but others will be harmed, and all life in the sea will be affected by the resulting shifts in the food web.
Baby cod appear highly sensitive to the changing ocean chemistry expected this century. The report projects that the number of cod growing to maturity will shrink to just a quarter of the current level.
The German-based research programme also indicates that changes brought about by acidification will be made worse by climate change pollution and coastal development.
德国63个自然保护区内的飞行类昆虫数量在过去27年中减少了四分之三以上。研究人员认为这一现象值得警惕，因为飞虫是自然生态系统中的重要组成部分。它既是植物的授粉者，也是扮演食物链的关键角色。请听报道。
Since 1989, scientists have been monitoring flying insect populations in 63 nature reserves across Germany. The decline of some species, like butterflies, has long been suspected but this research included lesser studied insects, like wasps, flies and moths. The drop in numbers of more than three quarters over 27 years turned out to be more severe than previously thought.
The insects play a vital role in pollination and as a food source for birds. No one factor alone could explain their disappearance, but researchers said modern agriculture creates a hostile environment - a desert for insects.
While, anecdotally, in recent years, drivers have reported fewer insects being squashed on their windscreens - another signal with the decline in bugs across all landscapes, experts said.
英国国家统计署2017年最新发布的报告显示，成衣、酒店住宿、汽车燃料价格的增加，导致了消费者物价指数的上升。英国的通货膨胀率也因为交通费和食品价格的上涨，而达到五年来的最高水平。不过，通胀率上升不完全是因为去年英镑汇价下跌。请听报道。 
The September inflation figure is used to calculate the annual increase in state pensions and 3% is thought likely to be the rate at which price rises will peak or very close to it.
For people in work, however, faster price rises intensify the squeeze on living standards as average pay is increasing more slowly. The squeeze is even more pronounced in most of the public sector where there's a pay cap of 1%, and for people dependent on working-age benefits which are mainly frozen. 
The increasing inflation is largely due to the impact of food prices, computer games and the cost of transport. The Office for National Statistics does not say how much of the increase may be attributable to last year's fall in the value of the pound, but it does note that cheaper sterling tends to raise the cost of imported goods.
医学期刊《柳叶刀》（The Lancet）发布的一项研究报告指出，儿童肥胖已成全球问题。全世界有1亿2400万孩童过胖，肥胖问题已经蔓延至200个多个国家。研究结果还显示，肥胖的儿童很可能到了成年阶段依然肥胖，这会使他们面临严重的健康问题。预估从2025年开始，全球对抗因肥胖导致的疾病所要花费的医疗成本将超过9200亿英镑（约8.28万亿人民币）。请听报道。 
In the UK, one in ten children and teenagers is classed as obese. The highest rates can be found in some of the islands of Polynesia, where that proportion rises to nearly one in three. The United States and some Middle Eastern and North African countries are not far behind. There it's a fifth. 
The World Health Organisation is demanding international action to tackle the marketing, pricing and availability of cheap high-calorie food.
人体内有一个独特的生物钟，来适应地球的昼夜变换。它在一天之中的不同时段，对我们的生理功能进行着非常精准的调节，这个生物钟到底是如何工作的？2017年诺贝尔生物学奖获得者们通过分离基因，为我们揭示了到底是什么样的机制使得细胞内的生物钟持续工作。请听报道。
We spend around a third of our lives like this. 
Sleeping at night and being active during the day is second nature. That's because we're at the mercy of the constant ticking of clocks inside nearly every cell of our bodies. Our mood, strength, hormone levels, body temperature, metabolism and even the risk of a heart attack all fluctuate in a daily rhythm. 
This clock is not controlled by cogs and pendulums. Instead, it's the swing in gene activity over 24 hours that keeps our body's time. The US’s trio Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young found the genes involved. 
Dr Michael Hastings, a circadian rhythm scientist in Cambridge, said it took the discovery for the field to be treated seriously. 
Nobody now doubts the importance of our body clocks. Ask someone who is jet lagged or working shifts what it's like to live out of sync with your internal clock. 
Long-term circadian rhythm disruption is linked to a host of diseases, from cancer to type 2 diabetes, but understanding how the body’s timepiece works is also unlocking new ideas, like taking medicines at the time of day when they will have the biggest impact on the body.
英国《自然·地球科学》杂志的研究指出，达到《巴黎协定》所定的将升温控制在1.5摄氏度的目标仍然可行。此项研究将帮助各国调整为缓解气候变化所制定的相应政策。请听报道。 
When the Paris agreement was settled nearly two years ago, one of its key ambitions was dismissed as almost impossible - the notion of limiting the rise in the global average temperature, compared with pre-industrial times, to 1.5°C. The world had already warmed by 1°C. 
Now a new analysis of the computer models used to assess future warming has found that the forecast is slightly overestimating how much temperatures will rise. The world should have been a third of a degree warmer by 2015 than it actually was, and that means, the scientists say, there is a bit longer than previously thought to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions driving the rising temperatures.
So, one of the authors of the study, Prof Myles Allen of the University of Oxford, says the Paris target is still feasible. 
The scientists are anxious that their study is not used by climate change sceptics to undermine current policy. They stress that the threats posed by global warming have not receded, and the governments around the world still need to respond urgently by cutting greenhouse gas emissions.
最新研究报告显示，世界上体型最大和最小的动物濒临灭绝的可能性最高。科学家认为，动物灭绝的风险取决于它们的大小，因此需要采取行动保护体型极端的动物。目前，重型动物受到捕猎的威胁，而小型动物正因为环境污染和树木砍伐而失去生命。请听报道。
From the hog-nosed bat to the banana frog, some of the world's smallest and most endangered animals aren't exactly well known.
Researchers fear these tiniest of creatures are being overlooked in conservation efforts.
An international team made a data base of thousands of animals to look at the relationship between body mass and extinction risk. 
A clear pattern emerged: animals at both ends of the scale face bigger extinction risks than those in the middle.
Human hunting threatens the heavyweights, meanwhile featherweights are losing vital habitat as land is cleared for development.
Scientists say urgent action is needed on both fronts to help slow the ongoing wave of extinctions.
DNA 是生命的蓝图。英国的一组研究者已在试验中修改了人体胚胎的构造，这是英国首例。这个来自弗朗西斯·克里克研究所（The Francis Crick Institute）的团队即将解开有关人类生命起始的谜题之一。了解卵子受精后的情况可以帮助研究者寻找改进试管受精技术的方式，同时也可以解释一部分女性流产的原因。请听报道。
This research is unlocking the mysteries of life. We all started off as a single fertilised egg that grows into a body made of billions of cells, yet the first few steps are as critical as they're poorly understood.
The team at the Francis Crick Institute is investigating instructions in our DNA known as genes that are highly active in the week after fertilisation. By editing DNA to turn genes off, they can work out what they do.
Their first experiments published in the journal Nature show how instructions called OCT4 are essential for helping the embryo grow from a single cell to a hollow sphere called a blastocyst.
Researcher Dr Kathy Niakan says getting a complete understanding of early development could help infertile couples. These experiments have been legal since 2008 and have been recently made possible by rapid advances in the field of gene editing.
The work of the Crick in London is a feat of pure scientific discovery and the embryos will never be implanted in the womb. But other groups are working on modifying embryos to eliminate inherited diseases.
Dr Sarah Chan, a bioethicist at the University of Edinburgh says the field is posing big questions for society. Gene editing is a technology with a potential to transform our understanding of human biology and medicine.
国际自然保护联盟（IUCN）根据物种灭绝风险评估的标准，每年发布一次“红色名录”。但凡被归类为“易危”的动物物种意味着只有不超过一万只有繁殖能力的动物幸存，而且此类动物总数在每三代繁衍过程中以至少 10% 的比例减少。哪些物种出现在新的名录里，又有哪些物种幸免被收录其中？请听报道。
Every year a United Nations’ conservation body publishes a so called ‘red list’ of species at risk of extinction. And as usual, the latest report makes grim reading. More than twenty thousand different types of animals, plants and insects are said to be threatened. 
Six kinds of ash tree in North America, a mainstay of forest there, are now listed as being in danger from an invasive beetle. In Africa, antelopes joined the ranks of creatures threatened by poaching and by people clearing forests. 
And in Madagascar, a hotspot for biodiversity, new studies of insects have found that nearly half of all species of grasshopper and millipede are endangered.   
The beautiful snow leopard which lives in the mountains of Central Asia is judged to be in a slightly healthier state than it was. But that's disputed by some researchers who say not enough is known about the elusive animal to assume that it really is a step further away from extinction.
苹果公司发布了一款全面屏、没有 Home 键的高端智能手机。这部被称为“十”的苹果手机采用面部识别系统而非基于指纹信息来识别其所有者。苹果表示，FaceID 技术可以在黑暗中使用三万个红外线点来识别身份，比以前的 TouchID 系统更加安全。请听报道。
The iPhone is perhaps the most profitable single product in history and it's turned Apple into the world's most valuable company.
Two iPhone 8 models will not look very different to all but dedicated Apple fans but the iPhone X was billed by the company's chief executive Tim Cook as the biggest leap forward since the original was launched a decade ago.
The stand-out feature is facial recognition technology, which unlocks the phone with a glance, but what will also stand out for phone buyers is a starting price of £999.
So far, Apple has managed to keep prices and profit margins higher than rivals and still sell more than 1.2 billion iPhones. Now the loyalty of its fans will be tested by its most expensive phone yet.

一项最新科学研究发现，那些有大面积玻璃或镜子外观的现代建筑对蝙蝠来说是“潜在的危险”。科学家呼吁人们对该状况进行持续性监测，特别是在蝙蝠大量聚集的地区中。请听报道。
Bats have a remarkable ability to fly at high speeds in the dark while avoiding obstacles. Yet the number of injured or dead bats found near buildings prompted scientists to investigate the risks.
Experiments and observations of bats in the wild suggest glass windows and mirrored buildings create a blind spot for the flying mammals because of the way these surfaces reflect sound.
Bats make calls and listen to the returning echoes to build up a sonic map of their surroundings. Smooth, vertical structures seem to trick bats into thinking the way ahead is clear, increasing the chances of collision.
Researchers from the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology in Germany say more monitoring is needed to assess the impact particularly in key habitats.

科学家们称，在德国一所博物馆里“再次现身”的一块水生爬行动物化石具有很高的研究价值，因为它是有史以来同类生物化石中体积最大的一块。这类被称作“鱼龙”的海洋生物曾生活在距今约两亿年前的恐龙时代。这块化石标本总长达三米多，20多年前曾在英格兰海岸边被人首次发现，但直至今日，还没有人对它进行过研究。请听报道。
Ichthyosaurs or ‘sea dragons’ were marine reptiles that swam the oceans during the time of the dinosaurs. A fossil unearthed at Doniford Bay during the 1990s is giving new insights into the life and death of the mysterious creatures. 
This ichthyosaur was a female that was pregnant at the time of death. It's one of only three to be found with an unborn baby inside. The fossil was sold to a private collector who kept it on his living room wall. It was eventually acquired by a German museum where its scientific value came to light. Scientists at the University of Manchester who examined the specimen say it's the largest of its kind at more than three metres long.
The first skeleton of an ichthyosaur was discovered in the cliffs near Lyme Regis by the Victorian fossil hunter Mary Anning. Her discovery shook up the scientific world and provided evidence for new ideas about the history of the earth. 
Two centuries on, there's still more to learn about the prehistoric sea creatures that dominated the oceans for millions of years.
GCSE 是“General Certificate of Secondary Education 普通中等教育证书”的缩写形式，相当于英国学生的“初中毕业文凭”。从前，GCSE 测试的成绩从 A* 到 G 划分。自今年起，英格兰地区部分科目，包括英语（文学和语言）和数学，已采用9到1级的新数字评分制度，其中9级为“最优秀”。另有20门科目会在2018年采用新的评分体系，剩余科目也将于2019年陆续开始使用此评分标准。
This is the year when the reform set in train by Michael Gove start to affect England’s exam system. Changes which he promised would make the qualifications more ambitious with the intention of stretching the brightest pupils further.
In English language, English literature and maths, the GCSE content is now more demanding. For these subjects only, grades will go from a top 9 down to 1, instead of A* to G. A number 4 will count as a ‘standard pass’. Fewer teenagers will get the very top grade of 9.
In Wales, the A* to G system is being kept, although six GCSEs have been reformed. There are now two maths GCSEs: one aimed at numeracy needed for work or training, the other more advanced, abstract maths needed for some university courses.
作为解决英国儿童肥胖问题的一个策略，英国政府给食品制造业设定了目标，希望能减少比萨、汉堡和即食餐等加工食品中的卡路里含量。英卫生官员认为这一举措是必要的，因为目前人们每天实际摄入的热量比正常所需要的多出200到300卡路里。这样一来，未来超市、外卖店和餐厅供应的食品及饮料成分可能会有所改变，同时分量也会减少。请听报道。
Food manufacturers and retailers have already been told to cut sugar content by a fifth by 2020. It's not compulsory, but there were strong hints from ministers when the Childhood Obesity Strategy was unveiled last year that if the industry didn't comply, there would be legislation.
Now the same approach is to be adopted for calorie content in manufactured products including ready meals, pizzas, curries, savoury snacks and sandwiches.
This could mean smaller portions or reducing high calorie ingredients. No figures have yet been announced. Public Health England says reducing calorie consumption from sources other than sugar is critical to reversing the obesity trend.
Officials say salt content has already been cut by food manufacturers in line with official targets. But the National Obesity Forum says there was next to nothing to show for the government's last twelve months of work, and that was a serious disappointment.
一个通过重新训练人体免疫系统并减缓1型糖尿病恶化的开创性疗法首次试验结果为“安全”。导致患1型糖尿病的原因是胰腺内控制血糖水平的 Beta 细胞遭到破坏。研究人员们观察了在英国接受该免疫疗法的27名患者，其病情的恶化速度均呈现下降的趋势。但要想证实该疗法的功效，科学家们仍需进行更大规模的试验。请听报道。
For now, there's no cure for type 1 diabetes. It’s caused by a rogue immune system destroying the beta cells in the pancreas that control blood sugar levels.
The immunotherapy tries to stop that happening by training the immune system to protect the beta cells. It was shown to be safe in tests on 27 people at the National Institute for Health Research Biomedical Research Centre in London.
There were also early signs the therapy was working. There were changes in the immune system and patients did not need to increase their insulin doses during the study. Professor Mark Peakman, who is leading the trial, said larger studies were still needed.
The diabetes charity JDRF said even the early-stage findings were exciting and could lead to a time when people no longer have to inject insulin every day.
一项发表在《自然通讯》杂志上的研究表明，地球上现存的所有花卉植物都可以追溯到1.4 亿年前的同一个“祖先”。科学家们通过计算机将花卉演化的模型与现存最大的鲜花特征数据库组合在一起，推测出地球上第一朵花的样貌。请听报道。
From roses and lilies to cherry trees and wheat, there are hundreds of thousands of species of flowering plants, and every single one of them traces back to a single ancestral flower that grew 140 million years ago.
Now by analysing the evolutionary differences between living species to track how the floral features have changed over time, scientists have been able to reconstruct this ancient bloom’s appearance. And instead of the primitive-looking species they were expecting, a complex, multi-part organism has emerged.
The flower had concentric circles of petal-like features which are grouped in sets of threes, with multiple male and female reproductive organs.
Some questions about this species remain, such as its colour and size. Scientists say a fossil of the bloom could help, although no floral relics from this ancient period have yet been found.
英国计划将于2040年起禁止销售由柴油机和汽油机驱动的车辆。这是为应对空气污染而提出的举措。相关部门大臣也公布将拨款2.55亿英镑，给地方政府用于治理二氧化氮排放，其中不排除会在一定区域内对高排放车辆进行收费。但政府并不会用这项专款来资助旧车报废，因为他们认为过去在这上面的支出“并非物有所值”。请听报道。
For petrol and diesel cars and vans, the end is nigh.
France has committed to phasing out sales of them by 2040. The UK now officially matches that ambition.
In the meantime, the government must deal with illegal levels of air pollution mainly from diesel vehicles. In April, it was ordered by the High Court to present by 31 July a strategy for cleaning up the UK’s polluted air. That would include tackling emissions of all types of pollution.
Ministers have defied the court, though, by producing only a plan for roadside emissions of the pollutant nitrogen dioxide associated with diesels.
据一组美国科学家们计算，迄今为止，人类共制造了约83亿公吨塑料。而产出如此惊人重量的塑料产品仅用了65年左右。83亿公吨相当于两万五千座纽约帝国大厦或十亿头大象的总重。然而，重要的问题是，像包装材料等类似的塑料制品往往只在很短的使用过后就被人们丢弃。请听报道。
Plastics define the modern age. From the start of mass-manufacturing in the 1950s, they’re now all around us, incorporated into everything – from food packaging and clothing to aeroplane parts and flame retardants.
The University of California-led team says the acceleration in use is extraordinary. Of that 8.3 billion tonnes, half has been made in just the past 13 years. Only nine percent has been recycled. The vast majority ends up in landfill.
Knowing the scale of the waste challenge is the starting point for tackling it, but with none of the commonly used plastics being biodegradable, new solutions are urgently needed. There's enough plastic debris out there right now, the team says, to cover an entire country the size of Argentina.
一项新的研究结果表明，英国应该关注如何更好地利用废料使生物燃料的产量翻一番。研究人员认为，使用像用过了的食用油等不可避免的废料来制造生物燃料的空间非常大。其它可使用的废料包括威士忌制造过程中所产生的渣滓，甚至所谓的“下水道污油块”都可能被用来生产生物燃料。请听报道。
While electric vehicles are becoming increasingly popular, the scientists behind this report believe that sustainable liquid fuels will be needed long into the future for aviation, shipping and carrying heavy goods on roads.
Researchers though are worried that making fuel from crops like wheat incur such a big cost and carbon terms the resulting liquids are worse for the environment than petrol or diesel.
This report suggests capping the use of crops and boosting waste. The UK has enough used cooking oil, farm and forestry residue to double current production to 650 million gallons per year.
But even with these changes, the UK won’t meet EU targets of having ten percent of transport fuel coming from sustainable sources by 2020.
英国的科学家们以空前的精度生成了阿兹海默症患者大脑中聚积的异常沉积物的图像。这支团队来自英国医学研究理事会下属的分子生物学实验室（MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology），他们认为这一发现为研究神经退化性疾病“开辟了崭新的时代”。这些科学家的研究成果将有助于研发阻止脑细胞死亡的药物。请听报道。
Alzheimer's is the slow death of the brain. One of the main suspects in causing the disease is a protein called tau. It forms messy tangles inside brain cells leading to disruption and, eventually, death.
But while scientists have known about tau for decades, what's been missing is a detailed understanding of its chemical structure. A study published in the journal Nature has finally cracked it using an advanced form of electron microscopy. The findings could lead to a new way of designing medicines to attack tau.
The team at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology said current drug research was like shooting in the dark. It's still possible to score a hit but it becomes much more likely if you know the structure.
Experts in dementia charities said the results were a substantial advance that could lead to a new era of drug development.
迄今为止最广泛的一项研究调查得出结论：新烟碱类杀虫剂对蜜蜂和野峰有害。科研人员发现与杀虫剂中化学成分的接触降低了蜜蜂蜂巢的越冬存活率，同时大黄蜂和独居蜂的蜂王繁殖数量也有所减少。这项调查研究覆盖了英国、德国和匈牙利境内共两千公顷的土地，目的是研究杀虫剂对自然界真正的影响。请听报道。
Much research on neonicotinoid pesticides has been carried out in labs. But this study has assessed their impact in the wider environment. The researchers found that bumblebees and solitary bees exposed to the pesticides were less likely to produce new queens. For honeybees in the UK and Hungary, hives were more likely to die off over the winter.
Professor Richard Pywel is from the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology in the UK. ‘This is important because many crops globally are insect pollinated and without pollinators, we would struggle to produce some foods.’
Some environmental campaigners say these findings should spell the end for neonicotinoids. But a manufacturer says they're convinced their product isn't bad for bees and highlighted part of the study that showed honeybees in Germany were not affected by the pesticides.
相信很多人都对下面的这个情景深有体会：为了赶火车或飞机，我们费力地拖着一个两轮拉杆箱向前奔跑，而箱子会左右摇晃，眼看着就要翻倒，着实让人提心吊胆。现在，科学家们已经针对这个令人费解的日常物理难题展开了研究调查，结果他们发现，避免该现象的方法可能和我们的预期有所不同。请听报道。 
It’s a common experience when dashing for a train while lugging a two-wheeled suitcase, the bag rocks alarmingly from side to side and threatens to overturn.
To explain why this happens, French researchers studied a model suitcase on a treadmill and did some number-crunching. And it turns out, that rather than slowing down, as you might expect, you should actually speed up to tame your unruly suitcase.  
Scientists say, while it’s a fun way to tackle the problem, the study could have applications with other two-wheeled things from trailers to caravans. 
科学家们研发出了一种新药，该药物不仅能模拟太阳光晒黑皮肤的过程，还可以让使用者免受紫外线辐射的影响。通过一系列对皮肤样本及实验鼠的测试，科学家们发现该药令皮肤产生了一种呈棕色形态的黑色素。证据显示，就连在阳光下也晒不黑的红发人士们也能尝试这种药物。这支来自麻省总医院（Massachusetts General Hospital）的科研团队希望他们的发现可帮助人们预防皮肤癌，甚至减缓皮肤衰老的过程。请听报道。
The secret to sun-kissed skin is melanin. When the Sun’s blistering rays hit your skin, they cause damage that can lead to cancer. So the skin throws up a protective barrier of brown melanin. It’s the body’s own sunblock and absorbs dangerous UV radiation.
The new drug, developed at Massachusetts General Hospital, is rubbed into the skin. It stimulates the same tanning effect just without the damage. The researchers’ goal is to give people a natural tan that protects against UV and cuts skin cancer rates.
The drug could allow those with the palest of skins to get a safe tan. But whether you’re ginger, blonde, or brunette, you’re in for a wait. The researchers want to perform more safety tests before bottles of real tan reach the shops.
研究者们称，如果你有胆固醇过高等易引发心脏疾病的征兆，那么婚姻似乎可以大大增加你的存活率。这些科学家在一次心脏学术会议上就这个有近百万名英国成年人参与的调查结果发言时说，“这可能是因为我们的配偶会时刻敦促我们关注自身的健康状况”。 请听报道。
All the men and women enrolled in the study who were in their 50s, 60, or 70s at the start had at least one major risk factor for heart disease. Over the next 14 years, the married people fared much better than those who were single.
Married people with high cholesterol were 16% more likely to be alive at the end of the study than those who were unmarried. People with diabetes and high blood pressure also had a higher survival rate if they were married.
The picture was less clear for people cohabiting, separated, divorced or widowed. And the researchers didn’t check if the married people were in happy relationships. They suspect but can’t prove that having someone special in your life is what’s important, rather than simply getting hitched. A spouse may encourage you to stay fit and well.
美国国家航空航天局（Nasa）计划于2018年向太阳发射一个太空探测器，这艘探测器飞船将穿过1400摄氏度的高温地带，最终冲入距太阳表面400万英里（约640万公里）的区域。这个探测器将成为有史以来离太阳表面最近的人造物体。该太阳探测计划以天文物理学家尤金·派克（Eugene Parker）的名字被重新命名，这位科学家曾引领与太阳“大气层”带电粒子流现象“太阳风”有关的研究。请听报道。
To understand the daring nature of this mission, bear in mind a few key numbers: Earth orbits the Sun at a distance of 91 million miles; Mercury is much closer at about 21 million. But the Nasa Solar Probe will get to within four million miles. 
This is uncharted and extremely hostile territory. The spacecraft will have to endure a temperature of nearly 1400C - the kind of heat generated inside a blast furnace in a steelworks. So the craft has special protection – a shield of carbon-composite about 4.5 inches thick. But the slightest error in its flight and the instruments sheltering behind the shield will be fried. 
The motivation for flying so close to the Sun is to explain some of the mysteries about it. Why, for example, the greatest heat is not at the surface, but in the corona, a region surrounding the Sun? It’s here that vast flares are generated that can send streams of particles our way, which can disrupt anything electronic including satellites or power grids. Understanding this so-called space weather is seen as vitally important to our modern economies, and getting very close is the best way to do that. 
一位女士在三十年前从旧货市场花了10英镑（约88.3元人民币）买到一颗钻石戒指，如今这枚钻石将有可能在拍卖场上以35万英镑（约310万人民币）的价格出手。在八十年代的一个周日，这枚钻石的主人在伦敦西部西米德尔塞克斯医院附近买下了这颗“大号”石头，那时她以为这只是一件普通的服装配饰。对这块石头的真实价值毫不知情的她这几十年来像佩戴普通饰物一样戴着这颗大约在十九世纪就已被切割成形的钻石。请听报道。
The large cushion-shaped stone caught the eye of the woman who bought it one Sunday at a car boot sale at the West Middlesex Hospital in London.
Unaware that it was a diamond, she treated the ring as everyday jewellery, wearing it to the shops and while doing the chores. Decades later, a jeweller persuaded her to get it tested. She took it to Sotheby’s, whose experts confirmed that it was a diamond.
They say it dates from the 19th Century, when diamonds were cut for size, rather than brilliance, which might explain why its true nature and value went unnoticed for so long. 
伦敦城市机场的空中交通管制塔将被一套远程操作数码系统替代，是英国首例。这意味着空中交通管制员们将无需坐在高塔中眺望飞机跑道，而是在离机场八十英里（约129公里）外的地方察看高清摄像机拍下的实时影像。这套新系统计划在2018年完成修建，其系统测试期为一年，而最终将于2019年正式投入使用。请听 Richard Westcott 的报道。
I’m looking at the runway of London City Airport. It’s easy to pick out every detail from the aircraft to people walking around and birds flying nearby. But that runway is actually more than a hundred miles away.
The images are being fed onto high-definition television screens because I’m inside Britain’s first digital control tower which, after extensive testing, will eventually go live in 2019.
The airport has worked with air traffic controllers at Nats to test the system. They insist it’s safer for many reasons. Controllers can overlay radar data onto the live screens to make it easier to keep track of aircraft. They can zoom in for detail, light up the runway at night, even follow rogue drones straying into dangerous areas. They also insist it’s been independently stress-tested to ensure it can’t be hacked or brought down by power failures.  
在医疗期刊《柳叶刀》上发布的一项研究称，随着相关治疗水平的进步，现在接受最新艾滋病毒药物治疗的年轻人的预期寿命可接近正常人。研究还发现，与1996年首次接受抗艾滋病毒药物治疗的二十多岁患者相比，从2010年开始接受相关治疗的同龄患者们预计将多活十年。同时，世界卫生组织强调，在确诊携带艾滋病毒后，患者应及早接受抗艾滋病毒治疗。请听 Jane Dreaper 的报道。
The Bristol researchers used data about almost 90,000 people being treated for the virus from 18 studies in Europe and North America. Their projections suggest that a 20-year-old who began treatment in 2008 or afterwards may end up living until their mid-70s.
The latest improvements are due to newer drugs with fewer side effects. HIV treatment now often involves just one pill a day. The authors hope their findings will make it easier for people with HIV to get insurance and stay in employment.
A comment article alongside the research welcomed the results but pointed out early treatment was still limited in some poorer countries.
英国王室于 2017年 5月4日发布声明宣布，女王伊丽莎白二世的丈夫菲利普亲王将于今年秋季“退休”，不再履行王室公务。菲利普亲王也拥有爱丁堡公爵的头衔，下个月将迎来他 96岁的生日。白金汉宫说此决定是由菲利普亲王自己做出的，同时也得到了英女王的全力支持。请听 BBC 的报道。
The Duke has been a great support to the Queen, by her side on royal engagements for more than five decades. But the 95 year old says it’s time for him to step away from public life.
He is patron, president or a member of more than 780 organisations. He will continue to support them, but the Palace says he won’t play an active role. He may still though choose to attend certain public events from time to time.
The Palace also says the Queen will continue to carry out a full programme of official engagements.
英国出版商协会（Publishers  Association）发布的最新年度报告显示，去年儿童书籍帮助英国图书销售创下35亿英镑的新纪录。虽然电子阅读器越来越普及，但电子书籍的销售额却下降至 5.38亿英镑。报告中提到，健身类和自助书籍深受读者喜爱。非小说类书籍的销量增长了9%，而小说类书籍的销量却下降了7%。请听 Rory Cellan-Jones 的报道。
With the rise of the Kindle and other e-readers, it did once look as though the publishing industry was going to suffer a period of severe digital disruption.
But last year, sales of physical books rose by 8%, with readers showing particular enthusiasm for non-fiction and children’s books. Meanwhile, there was a 17% fall in sales of consumer e-books, although online journals, academic titles and audio books helped the publishing industry boost its overall digital revenues.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was the bestselling book of 2016, with 1.5 million copies sold. It seems parents are much happier seeing children reading on paper rather than screens.
神经退化性疾病是指大脑和脊髓的细胞失去了这些细胞应有的功能，包括做决策和控制肢体活动的能力。这些细胞不容易再生，所以此类疾病的对人们的影响是毁灭性的。科学家们希望他们已经找到了一种药物来阻止所有神经退行性脑疾病，包括阿尔茨海默病。请听 James Gallagher 的报道。
A single drug to cure all neurodegenerative diseases is the ambitious aim. Diseases such as Alzheimer’s, Huntington’s, Parkinson’s all lead to defective proteins building up in the brain. This makes brain cells shut down their own protein production and eventually starve.
Four years ago, Medical Research Council scientists showed for the first tie, that a drug could force the brain to keep making proteins and stay alive. But their findings were in mice and the compound they used would have been toxic in people.
Now after testing more than a thousand chemicals, they found two that are safe for human use and still protect the brain in animal trials. One of the drugs, Trazadone, is already used as an antidepressant.
Clinical trials are planned, but the findings so far have been described as ‘exciting, important and potentially a major step forward’.
澳大利亚的科学家们称大堡礁目前面临史无前例的白化危机，三分之二的珊瑚已经遭到破坏。据航空测量调查结果显示，作为世界上最大的生命结构体，大堡礁中段部分的珊瑚白化现象正在加速，受此影响的地区包括昆士兰州海岸及其周边 2300公里的海域。请听 Phil Mercer 的报道。
For the first time mass bleaching has affected the Great Barrier Reef in consecutive years. When it bleaches, the coral isn't dead, but it does become far more fragile and can eventually die.
What concerns Australian researchers is that more frequent bleaching, which is caused by rising water temperatures, makes it harder for the reef to recover. The scientists are warning Australia that to save one of nature’s true wonders it must take decisive action on climate change.
The Great Barrier Reef is home to more than 130 species of sharks, 500 types of worms and 1,600 varieties of fish.
考古人员在埃及发现了一座建于约3700年前的金字塔遗迹。代赫舒尔帝王墓古迹位于开罗南部，考古人员在这里发现了一件刻有十列古埃及象形文字的石块，并已挖开金字塔内部的一条通道。埃及国家古物部称，从该遗址出土的文物保存完好，为了考证这座金字塔的实际体积及相关信息，发掘工作仍在进行中。请听 Sebastian Usher 的报道。
What's left of this latest pyramid to be uncovered is in good condition. For archaeologists, it's a significant find, potentially giving them further insight into the more than 120 pyramids already discovered.
The excavation is still at an early stage, the part of the inner structures being revealed including a corridor and a room. A little alabaster block holds intriguing hieroglyphic inscriptions. The remains of this little pyramid from the 13th dynasty are dwarfed by the Red Pyramid and the Bent Pyramid nearby, which narrowly predate the Great Pyramids at Giza further up the road to Cairo and clearly contributed vital expertise to their construction.
Egypt launched an ambitious project a year and a half ago dubbed ‘Scan Pyramids’ to try to discover secret chambers in these extraordinary structures that have defined the country's image for millennia, and so shed light on the mysteries that still surround how they were built.
由世界气象组织（World Meteorological Organization）发布的《国际云图》首次正式列入了12种“新”型云。该图册可追溯到十九世纪，是一本用来观察及识别分布在全球各地的云型的参考书。《国际云图》最后更新于1987年，在平民科学家的呼吁下，新发布的电子版中收入了一种形似波浪的“粗云”。请听 Matt McGrath 的报道。
Looking like the roiling sea seen from beneath the waves, asperitas clouds were first photographed back in 2006 by amateur observers. Since then, a global campaign to recognise the cloud type has gathered pace, resulting in a formal classification in this first digital edition of the atlas.
Other odd-shaped clouds and weather phenomena have now been added to this global reference book that dates back to 1896. Contrails from the wispy vapours of aeroplanes have officially been recognised, as have rainbows, halos, snow devils and hailstones.
One key development that has helped revolutionise the atlas has been the smartphone. Experts say the public’s ability to capture the often fleeting formations will lead to the discovery of many new clouds in the years ahead.
人们经常能看到海獭仰面浮在水上用石头敲开贝壳类动物进食的场景。科学家说，海獭可能很久以前就已经学会把石头当作工具使用了，而且似乎比其它的海洋哺乳动物都要早。一项遗传研究分析了在加利福尼亚海岸附近生活的 100多只海獭，结果表明，在几百万年前海獭的祖先就已经开始表现出这类行为了。请听 Helen Briggs 的报道。
Sea otters are often seen floating on their backs hammering at clams with rocks. They break open the shells to reveal a tasty meal inside.
New research suggests, even the ancestors of sea otters living millions of years ago knew how to do this. That's according to a genetic study of otters living off the Californian coast.
They are not the only marine mammals to use tools. Dolphins in Australia have been seen to use sponges to protect their noses when scouting for fish on the sea floor. But in dolphins, this seems to be a relatively new invention, happening less than 200 years ago. Evidence, say the scientists, that sea otters are very smart and have a natural ability to use tools.
据生物学家计算，全世界的蜘蛛每年捕食重达4至8亿公吨（4至8千亿公斤）的昆虫。科学家们希望通过这项研究使人们更加重视蜘蛛的生态学意义。他们说，这种蛛形纲动物每年捕食的总重约是人类每年消耗的肉和鱼类食物的重量之和。请听 Victoria Gill 的报道。
The Swiss scientist who led this study was inspired by a 1958 book, The World of Spiders, in which a British arachnologist speculated that the weight of insects killed every year by the British spider population would exceed the combined weight of the British human population.
Since he first considered that, Dr Martin Nyffeler has spent hundreds of hours recording spider behaviour in the field and gathering spider ecology studies published around the world. His numbers are enough to haunt any arachnophobe. The researchers say the entire population of the world’s spiders, weighing 25 million tonnes, hunts and eats between 400 and 800 million tonnes of insect prey annually.
But these numbers are not meant to terrify anyone. The scientists hope their study will raise awareness of the importance of spiders in the global food web. 
主要工作地点在英国的三位科学家被授予了享有盛誉的大脑奖（The Brain Prize），并共同领取了一百万欧元的奖金。他们对大脑“奖赏回路”的研究及解读揭示了我们为何想要去购物、吃饭甚至是登月的深层原因。获得回报是我们能保持生命力的必要因素之一，但失去控制的大脑奖赏中心会导致一系列无节制的强迫性行为。请听 Fergus Walsh 的报道。
Should I eat in that restaurant? Should I apply for a new job? Where should I go on holiday? What underpins our decision-making is a chemical in the brain called dopamine, which is released whenever there is a reward, such as a pleasant taste. It helps motivate us, and has been essential through evolution for human and animal development.
A strong dopamine response can drive us to repeat the same behaviour or strive for greater success. The dopamine reward pathway in the brain can also spiral out of control leading to compulsive behaviour and drug addiction.
The three neuroscientists, who share the million-euro prize given by the Lundbeck Foundation in Denmark, are all based in the UK, which has a track record of world-leading brain research. Their work will help in the development of treatments for patients with psychiatric illnesses like schizophrenia where the reward system goes wrong.
一项研究表明，非洲野象是睡眠时间最短的哺乳动物。一组科学家在非洲南部国家博茨瓦纳追踪记录了两只大象在自然环境中的睡眠规律。在动物园中笼养的大象每天睡四到六个小时，然而生活在野外的大象只休息两个小时，大多在夜晚入睡。请听 Helen Briggs 的报道。
Scientists tracked two elephants roaming across Botswana to find out more about the animals' sleeping habits. Elephants in captivity sleep for four to six hours a day, but it's always been suspected this might be different in the wild.
In fact, in their natural surroundings, the elephants slept for only two hours, mainly at night. The elephants, both matriarchs of the herd, sometimes stayed awake for days at a time, and they travelled long distances, perhaps to escape lions or poachers. And they only went into rapid eye movement or 'dreaming sleep' every three or four days.
Sleep plays a big role in memory. It's a mystery why an animal known for its incredible memory powers can survive on power naps alone.
伦敦帝国理工学院公布的一项新研究成果表明，每日吃800克的蔬菜水果与健康长寿之间存在一定的关系。该研究团队还发现，特定的水果和蔬菜种类能够减少癌症和心脏病病发的风险。分析表明，即使吃少量水果蔬菜也会对健康有益，不过多多益善。请听 James Gallagher 的报道。
Only around one in three people in the UK sticks to the five-a-day government target. Now a team at Imperial College London has drawn conclusions from 95 studies involving two million people.
The scientists say that although the five-a-day message doesn’t need to change, eating ten portions could prevent close to eight million premature deaths each year around the world. They also believe that products like spinach, yellow peppers and cauliflower lower the risks of cancer, while apples, citrus fruits and broccoli, for example, cut the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Public Health England says the five-a-day target is an achievable way to prevent a number of diseases, and that adding pressure to consume more creates an unrealistic expectation.
科学家们认为他们即将获得黑洞的第一张照片。他们建立了一个地球大小的“虚拟望远镜”，通过连接大量的无线电接收器收集关于银河系中心的巨大黑洞的信息。这些接收器分布在世界各地，以南极为起点，远到夏威夷，美洲和欧洲。科学家们盼望这次将在四月进行的观测活动能够实现人类看见黑洞的梦想。请听 Jonathan Amos 的报道。
Black holes are supposedly black because their immense gravity prevents light escaping their grasp. All true, but the edge of the a black hole ought to shine very brightly, as it tears apart any stars, gas and dust unlucky enough to get too close.
Our Milky Way galaxy central black hole is about four million times the mass of the Sun. But its precipitous edge is not a lot wider, and given that the hole is thousands of light years away, you need a really special telescope to see it and now it exists.
The Event Horizon Telescope is a network of widely spaced radio antennas whose data when combined, mimics the resolving power of a single telescope the size of the Earth. Its first big test is in April. If Einstein is right, it should see a bright ring of light circling a dark shadow.
This is not a quick snap, colossal volumes of data will be acquired in the April’s observing run, and it’s likely to take super computers many months to assemble an image.
科学家们用数年时间仔细聆听了我们的类人猿近亲——红毛猩猩与同伴交流时发出的尖叫声，该研究为解释人类语言的形成过程提供了线索。英国杜伦大学的阿德里亚诺·拉梅哈（Adriano Reis e Lameira）博士录制并分析了这些动物发出的近 5000段“吻叫”，它们双唇紧闭的嘴型很像人类语言中辅音的发声方式。他还发现红毛猩猩会通过组合音节向同伴传达不同的信息。请听 Victoria Gill 的报道。
The researchers spent thousands of hours listening to these communicative ‘kiss squeaks’, analysing almost 5,000 squeaks from 48 individual orangutans.
They homed in on these sounds in particular because they’re formed in a similar way to our consonants. Just like our /t/ and /p/ sounds, kiss squeaks are made using the lips and tongue to control air flow rather than using the voice in calling out.
With this painstaking listening exercise and observing the animals as they communicated, the team revealed that orangutans combine multiple kiss squeaks in different orders, apparently conveying different messages. The scientists say that’s an early glimpse of how our ancestors began to combine consonants and vowels, and that these could be the purse-lipped building blocks of our very earliest multi-syllable words.
首个远征南极寻找铁陨石的英国科学考察组已获得开展探险的许可。收藏在世界各地的太空陨石大多是在南极大陆上捡到的。覆盖该地区的白色冰层使搜寻这些黑色残留物的任务变得格外有成效。但是含铁的陨石却很少在南极大陆上被发现，其中有何奥妙吗？请听 Jonathan Amos 的报道。
It's a mystery that's long puzzled scientists. Why are so few iron meteorites picked up off the ice of Antarctica? They must fall evenly across the earth, but desert regions, for example, yield ten times as many lumps of space metal.
Now Manchester University mathematicians think they have the answer. Their studies indicate these iron-rich rocks have a trick to hide away from collectors. Because the rocks are made of metal, they are able to conduct the heat of the sun very efficiently to their undersides. This melts the surrounding ice, enabling them to sink downwards and out of sight.
The Manchester team has just won funding to go test its idea and plans to find the missing meteorites and dig them up with the aid of landmine detection technology.
一份大型报告称，英国儿童的健康水平正落后于其它欧洲国家。该文件尤其强调人们应关注儿童肥胖、心理健康及儿童死亡率等问题。这项由英国皇家儿科和儿童健康学院（Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health）发布的详尽报告着重指出，贫困是许多儿童健康问题的根源。请听 Dominic Hughes 的报道。
This report acknowledges there has been progress in the health of children and young people in recent decades. But the authors argue this can’t obscure the fact that the UK is slipping behind other wealthy countries.
It also highlights a stark and growing gap between the health of children from rich families, which matches the best in the world, and the health of those from more deprived backgrounds, which is among the worst.
The report says that childhood mortality rates compare poorly with other European countries while conditions such as diabetes, obesity and mental health are all areas of concern.
科学家们说，人工智能可以预测心脏疾病患者的死亡时间。这种软件能够通过分析验血结果和心跳扫描看出心脏这一器官开始衰竭的征兆。英国医学研究理事会（Medical Research Council）的研究小组称，人们可以利用这项科技找出急需积极治疗的患者，从而救助更多人的生命。请听 James Gallagher 的报道。
An artificial intelligence can spot patterns that are beyond human perception. The software took MRI scans from hundreds of patients with pulmonary hypertension. The high pressure in the blood vessels and the lungs damages the structure of the heart. The AI used the scans to track the movements of 30,000 separate positions on a beating heart.
This information was combined with blood test data and eight years of medical records. As the computer programming learned what to look out for, it was able to predict when patients would die. It achieved 80% accuracy for the 12 months after the scan, which is more than doctors can manage.­­
One of the researchers, Dr Declan O’Regan, said that technology could help spot high-risk patients who needed to be treated more aggressively. Ultimately, the team want to use the technology in a wide range of heart disorders. The British Heart Foundation said the development was exciting, but the next step was to verify the findings before AI could be used routinely.
一项对人类大脑里一个细小部位的最新研究报告帮我们更近一步地理解了人类情绪变化与心血管疾病之间的联系。这项研究说减轻压力不仅可以改善人们的心理健康状态，还有助于降低心脏疾病的发生机率。请听以下报道。
The study lead by researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School measured the effect of stress on 300 people over nearly four years.
Scientists use scans to monitor a tiny area of the brain called the amygdala which processes emotions such as fear and anger, they found for the first time in studying humans that higher levels of activities in the amygdala were linked with greater activities in bone marrow and inflammations in the arteries.
They suggested the amygdala tells bone marrow to produce extra white blood cells, which cause arteries to develop blockages and to become inflamed.
一个有 5200万年历史的果实化石在南美被发现。这枚远古时期的浆果所属的植物种类包括现在人们喜欢吃的土豆、西红柿和辣椒。科学家们说，这个化石的发现说明茄科植物的起源比人类先前想象的要早了好几千万年。请听 Helen Briggs 的报道。
Scientists at Pennsylvania State University say the small fruit resembles the modern day ground cherry or Physalis and tomatillo.
Little is known about how these plants evolved, as until now, only a few fossilised seeds have been found. The plant is part of the nightshade family, a group of more than 2000 different species. They include crops such as potatoes, peppers and tomatoes, the tobacco plant, plants used for medicines and flowers grown in gardens such as petunia. The discovery pushes back the origins of this plant family by tens of millions of years.
Scientists believe many more fossil plants are waiting to be discovered in South America, adding to our knowledge of how some of the world’s most valuable crops evolved and flourished. 
我们能否从艺术作品中发现失智症以及其它退化性疾病的迹象？研究人员详尽分析了多名曾患神经疾病的艺术家的作画笔法。从一系列有趣的线索中可以看出，在艺术家们表现出明显的症状之前，其脑部就已经产生了变化。科学家对这些作品进行了“分形分析”，这种数学方法探讨的是在数学界和自然界中反复出现的固定模式。请听 Dominic Hughes 的报道。
Researchers use a complex method called 'fractal analysis' as a way of looking at recurring patterns in both maths and in nature. They include the recurring patterns of our brainwaves and heartbeats as well as the brushstrokes of artists, which are as distinct as individual handwriting.
A psychologist, Alex Forsythe from the University of Liverpool, carried out a fractal analysis of more than two thousand works by seven famous artists. Among those who developed dementia or Parkinson's disease, such as Willem de Kooning and Salvador Dali, there was a significant change in the tiny patterns left by their brushstrokes decades before any obvious symptoms.
But for artists such as Picasso or Monet, who both died without developing any known neurological disorders, there was no alteration, regardless of style or subject matter.
怀孕会减少女性大脑特定区域中灰质的总体积，然而这不仅能加强孕妇与其婴儿之间的联系，还可以帮助产妇适应母亲这个新身份。科学家们对25名初孕女性进行了脑部扫描，结果显示她们的大脑在怀孕期间发生了结构性的改变，且这一变化会在产后至少持续两年。请听 Robert Pigott 的报道。
When the brains of 25 first-time mothers were scanned soon after they had become pregnant and again after they had given birth, “substantial” reductions in the volume of grey matter were revealed.
Pregnant women have often complained of brain fog and poor memory, but researchers at Leiden University in the Netherlands and the Autonomous University of Barcelona say that rather than indicating a simple loss of mental capacity or intelligence, the changes represent a pruning and refinement of brain circuits. They say the changes largely affect areas of the brain associated with the ability to attribute thoughts and feelings to oneself and other people, and could help women adapt to motherhood by recognising threats to their baby or anticipating the child’s needs.
Parts of the brain where grey matter had been pruned lit up on MRI scans when mothers saw pictures of their own babies. The brains of first-time fathers did not show such changes in structure.
英国人最钟爱的鸟类—知更鸟正受到城市灯光和噪声污染的影响。英国南安普顿大学的一项研究得出了这一结论，该研究展现了夜间照明和噪声对居住在城市公园内的知更鸟习性的影响。科学家们测量了灯火明亮的道路距离知更鸟所属领地的远近是怎样影响其居住环境的特性的。请听 Victoria Gill 的报道。
Robins are up and about earlier than most other songbirds, and they are in almost every city park in the UK, making them ideal for this urban study.
The scientists used a stuffed robin and a recording of the bird’s song, setting up this fake avian intruder in different areas. They then measured each bird’s response, recording how much it sang and displayed to defend its territory. This helped them construct a dominance hierarchy of the park’s resident robins. Birds that lived closest to street-lit paths and to busy roads were much lower in this hierarchy. They were less vocal and aggressive.
The researchers now want to establish if night-time light and man-made noise affects birds’ abilities to forage or breed. They hope the findings might be built into urban planning to make city parks spaces designed for wildlife as well as for people.
作为非洲标志之一的长颈鹿在过去的三十年里数量锐减，从 1985年的 15.5万只减少到 2015年的 9.7万只。国际自然保护联盟IUCN首次将长颈鹿列为“易危”物种，希望此举能够帮助长颈鹿得到更多的关注和保护。请听 Matt McGrath 的报道。
The graceful giraffe is an inescapable image of Africa, but the animal has suffered a disturbing decline over the past three decades.
Populations have plummeted in many parts due to a combination of factors, but humans are largely responsible. Increasing amounts of the giraffes’ range have been fragmented by farmers eager for land. Wars in northern Kenya and south Sudan have seen large numbers of the curious creatures killed for food. But the picture isn’t all gloom, populations in southern Africa have boomed, because of protected ranges which boost tourism revenues.
And experts believe that declaring the giraffe to be vulnerable could give the species the attention it needs to ultimately ensure its survival. 
美国加利福尼亚的科学家称他们的研究让人类对帕金森疾病有了重新的认识。发表在《细胞》科学杂志上的科研文章提出大脑紊乱可能是由生活在肠道内的细菌引起的。专家说这项研究结果开辟了“令人兴奋的新研究途径”。请听 James Gallagher 的报道。
In Parkinson's disease, the brain is progressively damaged, causing people to experience tremors and difficulty moving.
The researchers use mice genetically programmed to develop Parkinson's, but only those with bacteria in their stomachs developed symptoms, sterile mice remained healthy. Further tests show transplanting bacteria from Parkinson’s patients led to more symptoms than bacteria from healthy people.
The California Institute of Technology says the findings mark a paradigm shift in the understanding of the disease. It's thought some bacteria release chemicals that over activate parts of the brain leading to damage. And that drugs that act on gut bugs or probiotics could become new treatments.
The charity Parkinson's UK said there's still a long way to go, but the work opened an exciting new avenue of research. 
一副近乎完整的渡渡鸟骨架在英国一家拍卖行举行的拍卖会上出售给了一名私人收藏家。渡渡鸟是一种不能飞的鸟，已经绝种近三百年。据说世界上仅有 12副类似的完整骨架，而且全部都由博物馆收藏。这副被拍卖的骨架是一名渡渡鸟迷用四十年的时间通过各种搜集渠道获取的渡渡鸟碎骨拼凑而成的，完整度近 95%。请听 BBC 的报道。
It’s a comical icon of natural history, the dumpy, flightless and ultimately doomed native bird of Mauritius.
European explorers discovered the dodo in 1598, but they also hunted the birds, destroyed their habitat and drove the species to extinction within a century. A fascination with the story of this enigmatic creature inspired a British collector to start acquiring individual dodo bones in private sales and auctions in the 1970s. Forty years later, he had enough to piece together this skeleton.
It’s the first dodo to come up for sale for a century and sold over the phone for 346,300 pounds.
这项有关失智症的研究实验是通过一款航海游戏开展的。研究结果表明，人类的方位感和导航能力会在一生中逐步减弱。研究人员记录并分析了二百四十万名下载该游戏的用户的相关数据，在2016年的神经科学会议上报告了他们的实验结果。阿尔茨海默症患者的初始症状之一就是失去方向感。请听 James Gallagher 的报道。
Sea Hero Quest is a nautical adventure to reclaim an old sailor’s lost memories. A touch of a smartphone screen sails a boat round desert islands and icy oceans. The game anonymously records the player’s sense of direction and navigational ability. 2.4 million people have played it.
It allowed scientists to show for the first time that our sense of direction falls consistently after our teenage years. The results, presented at the Neuroscience 2016 conference, also showed men have a slightly better sense of direction than women and that Nordic nations with the best in the world.
One of the signs of Alzheimer’s disease is becoming completely disorientated. Researchers hope that understanding the normal decline in navigational ability could eventually help test for the disease.
英哈里王子的母亲当年在被狗仔队追逐时因车祸遇难，在那之后的王子有了自己对媒体的看法和认知。哈里王子一直在强调自己的公众和私人生活之间的界限已变得几乎荡然无存。作为英国王室的第五顺位继承人，曾不时藐视媒体作为的他现在正通过媒体告知公众并强调其现任女友所陷入的困境。下面请听 Peter Hunt 的报道。
This is a cri de coeur from a prince with limited powers whose view of the media was formed age 12 when his mother died in a car crash as paparazzi photographers were pursuing her.
In his appeal to the better judgement of newspaper editors around the world, and their readers, Harry has been forced to confirm the very thing he had been trying to keep out of the public domain — his relationship with the American actress Meghan Markle, whose mother is black and whose father is white.
His statement condemns what he calls the racial undertones of comment pieces and it alleges that reporters and photographers have attempted to gain illegal access to the actress's home, and that substantial bribes have been offered to her ex-boyfriend.
Prince Harry is said to be worried about her safety and deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her.
《科学》杂志上发表的一项研究报告显示，吸烟者一生中吸的烟与人体内基因转变的次数有着直接的联系。这些基因转变是永久性的，就算吸烟者成功戒烟，也无法重新将其修复。请听 BBC 记者 Fergus Walsh 的报告。
The researchers sequenced the genome of thousands of cancers. They calculate that a 20 a day smoker will accumulate an average of 150 mutations every year in each lung cell - 97 in the larynx and 23 in the mouth. These changes are permanent, and each one represents a chance of triggering cancer. Even in tissues not directly exposed to smoke, there are DNA mutations - 18 per year in the bladder and six in the liver.
The joint lead author Prof Sir Mike Stratton, of the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, said DNA analysis would help explain the mechanisms triggering other cancers.
"By looking in the DNA of those cancers, we will find these mutational signatures, these archaeological traces of the past exposures, these will provide us clues to the agents that are responsible, and that will lead potentially to prevention."
One clear message from this research is that the quicker and younger smokers quit, the fewer DNA mutations they will be harbouring.
据报告称，自1970年来全球野生动物总数已减少58%。由伦敦动物学会（Zoological Society of London）和世界自然基金会（WWF）共同编写的“地球生命力”评估报告表明，如果该趋势持续下去，到2020年为止脊椎动物数量将会下降三分之二。相关数据显示，居住在湖泊、河流、湿地的动物正经受最大的威胁。请听 Rebecca Morelle 的报道。
Looking at data collected on 3,700 different species of birds, fish, mammals, amphibians and reptiles, the researchers analysed how population sizes have changed over time.
They believe that since 1970, species have declined by an average of 58%. Some have fared very badly, such as African elephants, whose numbers have been cut by a third in the last decade, and the Amur leopard, which is as few as 70 animals left in the world.
The report says that human activity is to blame and concludes that if nothing is done, wildlife populations could fall by 67% from 1970 levels by the end of the decade.
澳大利亚研究人员说，袋獾的乳汁可能会为人类对抗“超级细菌”提供有利的科学研究样本。悉尼大学的一个科研小组称，这种有袋动物的乳汁富含名为“肽”的重要化合物，它能杀死包括耐甲氧西林金葡菌（MRSA）在内的一系列难治的感染类病症。请听报道。
The Tasmanian devil may be an endangered species, but it is not a defenceless one. These feisty furry animals are the world's largest carnivorous marsupial and have evolved a keen sense of smell along with sharp teeth and claws to catch their prey.
Another clue to their survival comes not from their adult diet but from what they drink as babies in the pouch — milk. Australian scientists have been studying devil milk and have found it's packed with important proteins or peptides that can fight off hard-to-treat infections including the hospital superbug MRSA.
Elizabeth Murchison, a UK expert in Tasmanian devils says that the animals evolved this defence to help their vulnerable young grow stronger. The University of Sydney researchers ultimately hope to find new treatments for humans. They've scanned the devil's genetic code to find and recreate the infection-fighting compounds. So far, they've found six. Work's already begun testing other marsupials including koalas to see if these animals will reveal more. 
英国的蝴蝶数目大量减少，这让野生动植物专家们感到非常费解。一项由成千上万名志愿者参与的年度“蝶口统计”调查显示，与2013年每计数次的23只相比，今年的平均值降到了12.2。此前，蝴蝶数目曾在2012年潮湿的夏天骤然下降，本年度的数量甚至比当时还要少。推行这个计划的蝴蝶保护协会（Butterfly Conservation）说，造成该现象的原因至今仍是一个谜。请听报道。
Each year, tens of thousands of people take part in The Big Butterfly Count to help experts chart the fortunes of common species.
Some butterflies recorded their worst numbers since the project began in 2010. Sightings of commas were down 46% compared with last year.
Butterfly Conservation says the weather this summer should have helped the insects. It thinks the mild winter and cold spring could have had an effect along with pesticides. But there were some successes – red admirals were up 70% on last year, and green-veined whites were up 58%.
9年前，隶属世界卫生组织（World Health Organization）的一组委员会说，一项对动物和人的研究显示，轮班工作制与乳腺癌可能有关联。但是最新的科学研究是否与该说法一致？长期上夜班的女性患乳腺癌的几率是否会增加？请听报道。
More than half a million British women, about 5% of the female labour force, work at night. Each year, more than 50,000 women are diagnosed with breast cancer in the UK, and around 11,000 die from the disease.
A number of studies have concluded that working at night is probably linked with breast cancer, with the risk increasing the longer the night shifts continue. In 2007, the World Health Organisation Committee suggested hormone production might be affected by disruption of the body clock.
However, the latest study which reviewed data from 1.4 million women and included ten different studies and several countries, concluded that there was no link. Its lead author Dr Ruth Travis of Oxford University said the incidents of breast cancer was the same whether a woman had never worked at night or completed 20 or more years of night shifts.
科学家们已进一步证实，木星的卫星 ——木卫二表面会向空中喷射水蒸气。在 2013年，天文学家首次用哈勃望远镜观测到并发布了这一景象，而最近他们再一次目击了该现象。木卫二的星球表面下存在大量液态水，是除地球以外最有可能发现微生物的星球之一。请听 Jonathan Amos 的报道。
Europa is not much smaller than Earth's moon. But it couldn't look more different. Its surface is made from mottled ice, criss-cross like crazy paving. And it has one key feature that utterly fascinates scientists – it has a buried ocean of liquid water, far greater in volume than all the seas on Earth. And where there is water, there is a possibility of life, which makes the new Hubble observations so exciting.
The telescope has spied what appeared to be plumes of water vapour spewing hundreds of miles above the surface, presumably coming from this hidden ocean. One estimate is that the equivalent of an Olympic-sized swimming pool is being hurled upwards every ten minutes or so.
Before this is confirmed, it could transform our ability to find out whether micro-organisms do indeed exist on Europa because we would just need to fly through the plumes with a spacecraft and sample them. The alternative of having to land and drill down through a thick ice crust to reach the ocean and then search for life is a far more challenging prospect.
英格兰公共卫生署（Public Health England）公布，英格兰地区的吸烟率已降至史上最低点。在 2015年，有 16.9%的成年人承认自己是烟民，该数据与 2012年的 19.3%相比，情况有所改善。专家说，吸烟率的下降从某种程度上来讲可能源于电子烟的普及。请听 Michelle Roberts 的报道。
According to Public Health England, 2015 saw the highest ever recorded level of smokers successfully kick the habit. Out of 2.5 million adults who tried to give up smoking, a fifth succeeded.
Over a million people said they used e-cigarettes to help them quit, while around 700,000 use licensed nicotine replacement products such as patches and gum.
The figures were released ahead of the annual Stoptober campaign, which aims to encourage smokers to stop their habit for the month of October. According to experts, taking a complete break from cigarettes for at least 28 days greatly increases the odds of being able to quit smoking for life.
欧洲航天局发布了超过十亿颗恒星的位置和亮度的详细信息。2013年发射的盖亚太空望远镜在过去的三年里收集了这些信息。这项研究将被用来测绘史上最精确的银河系地图。请听 Phallab Ghosh 的报道。
Our sun is one of billions of stars in our galaxy, the Milky Way. According to the text books, it looks like a disc with two spiral arms, but that picture is based on informed guesswork, from the observations of just a hundred of our closest stars.
The Gaia telescope, which is a million miles from the Earth, in a quiet region of space, has been scanning the skies and has mapped the precise position of more than a billion stars.
According to Professor Gerry Gilmore from Cambridge University, who's the mission's principal investigator, in a few years' time, there will be a more accurate picture of what the Milky Way is really like.
'This Gaia data release is the first step towards a complete revolution in our knowledge of the structure, the origin, the evolution and what the universe is made of.'
It would take five years to gather all the data needed for the map of our galaxy. Astronomers also expect Gaia to discover completely new objects in the cosmos in that time that are completely beyond our imagination.  
据野生动物慈善组织 People’s Trust for Endangered Species 的一份最新报告称，自2000年起，英国本土睡鼠的数目已经下降超过三分之一。睡鼠也称冬眠鼠，是生活在野外树林和灌木丛中的一种小型哺乳动物。它们冬季十月至来年的五月在地下冬眠。那么是什么原因导致了它们的数目急剧下降？请听 Claire Marshall 的报道。
In one of the longest running small mammal monitoring projects in the world, trained volunteers around the UK have been gathering data on the tiny hazel dormouse since 1990.
The mice have dark golden fur, large black eyes, and live mainly in hedgerows and woods, weaving ball-like nests from bark and leaves. A populated area the size of two football fields will only contain four dormice, a giveaway sign is a nibbled hazelnut.
This report suggests that they are becoming more difficult to find than ever. Over the last sixteen years, the population has declined by almost 40 percent. Dormice are now restricted to parts of southern Wales and southern England. They have never been recorded in Scotland or Northern Ireland. 
The survey blames this decline on the loss of their native woodland habitat and more variable weather linked to climate change.
从天文学的角度来讲，距太阳系最近的适宜人居住的星球或许就在我们附近。一组科学家通过调查发现，有一颗地球大小的行星正绕着离太阳系最近的恒星—比邻星的轨道运行，且它所处的位置可能为该星球表面产生液态水提供条件。请听 David Shukman 的报道。
Until 20 years ago, no one knew there were planets beyond the ones we have in our own Solar System. But thousands have recently been discovered orbiting distant stars. And the Holy Grail has been defined (as) one that might conceivably be habitable and, ideally, as close to us as possible.
Proxima b is slightly larger than Earth and orbits its star at the right distance for liquid water to exist at the surface. That might mean that life is possible there. On the other hand, the planet would be vulnerable to massive flares of radiation.
Proxima b is just over four light years away, so it would take something like 70,000 years to get there with a conventional rocket. Although there are ideas for far more rapid space travel.
“Microbeads”是塑胶微粒，它们常被加入各种产品中起打磨、摩擦的作用。比如，许多化妆品、护肤品和清洁用品中都常含有塑胶微粒。在英国，国会议员建议禁止这些微小塑料颗粒的使用，这是为什么呢？请听以下的报道。
Tiny fragments of plastic pervade the seas from ocean depth to Arctic ice. They get eaten by small creatures and often clog their gut. Shreds of plastic can be found in oysters and mussels. The small creatures are prey for bigger animals, so the plastic travels up the food chain.
The fragments aren’t toxic themselves, but they attract toxins. The committee says more research is needed to see how much harm they are doing. But the MPs say banning microbeads in cosmetics would be a small but useful start.
“珍珠鸟”的学名是斑胸草雀。在炎热的天气环境中，澳大利亚的斑胸草雀会对着自己的胚胎“唱歌”。研究发现，这种鸟在孵卵期发出的叫声可能会影响其雏鸟的生长。这项令人惊叹的成果表明，该类鸟会为应对其幼崽孵化后所处的高温环境做出准备。请听 Jonathan Webb 的报道。
The study began when researchers noticed wild zebra finches, alone with their eggs, singing this squeaky little song. Closer inspection revealed that this was only happening when the temperature climbed above 26 degrees. But what does this mean to a zebra finch embryo?
Based on experiments in incubators and aviaries, it's a bit like a prenatal weather warning. Eggs that were played recordings of the 26-degree song hatched birds that grew up better adapted to the heat. They developed more slowly, happily chose warmer nesting spots, and had more babies of their own than their siblings.
If you're a zebra finch and you live in the desert, it seems it may never be too early to start talking to your kids - about the weather.
科学家们说，格陵兰鲨是地球已知寿命最长的脊椎动物。一个科研小组利用现代技术对鲨鱼的年龄进行了估算。该小组对 28条鲨鱼进行了研究，其中多数鲨鱼因误入渔民的渔网在被发现时已经死去。请听 BBC Rebecca Morelle 的报道。
Huge, yet extremely slow moving, Greenland sharks are found in the cold, deep waters of the North Atlantic. And this latest research suggests they possess remarkable longevity.
The scientists use the technique of carbon dating to determine the age of sharks that have become caught up in fishing nets. They estimated that a five-meter-long female was most likely about 400 years old.
The team also found that the sharks grow at just one centimetre a year and reach sexual maturity at about the age of 150.
一项由英国领先的癌症研究慈善组织发布的调查报告说，在英国，目前有超过17万的癌症患者依然健在，当中有些患者是40年前被诊断出患癌症的。报告说患者能够存活的原因包括先进的治疗方式和及时地诊断。报告同时也针对治疗癌症所引起的副作用，比如，抑郁症和患者对个人财务的忧虑等问题提出警告。请听报道。
The report looks back at the 1970s, when many people saw cancer as a death sentence. Today, it says things have improved with better therapy, and often quicker ways of spotting the disease.
But Macmillan says while cancer may no longer be life ending, it is life changing. With thousands of people in the UK now living with a long-term legacy of side effects from therapy, the psychological impact, and often financial worries for many years.
And the number of survivors will continue to grow. The government has said by 2020, cancer patients in England will have an individually tailored package of care to help with life after a diagnosis.
科学家认为将英国斗牛犬与其它犬种杂交可能是保证其生存的最佳途径。数百年来，为保留其特定的外貌特征，斗牛犬一直沿袭同系间交配。然而一项基因研究表明，如果没有“新鲜血液”的帮助，该品种将面临一系列健康问题。请听报道。
The English Bulldog was one of the most popular breeds across Britain and America last year. But during the latter part of the last century, many bulldogs were bred to have exaggerated physical features, which led to health issues including breathing difficulties.
Researchers at the University of California say popularity can no longer excuse the health problems that the average bulldog endures. And they say the gene pool has become so small, it could be difficult to improve the health of the English Bulldog without cross-breeding.
The Head of Health and Research at the Kennel Club, Aimée Llewellyn-Zaidi, said they continue to look at ways to ensure the sustainability of a breed if it is at risk, and they're working with breed clubs and researchers in order to do this.
在英国，布谷鸟的数量在过去25年间减少了70%。为解开其数量骤减的谜团，研究人员为一批布谷鸟装上了极小的追踪系统。科学家发现这群鸟会沿两条迁徙路线飞至非洲中部，且其中一条路线非常危险。请听 Victoria Gill 的报道。
The signature sound of Britain's spring is fading. The number of cuckoos that breed here has declined by more than 70% over the past 25 years. To find out why, researchers tagged male birds with tiny GPS backpacks.
Over five years, the team tagged 42 birds tracking a total of 56 round-trip migrations. The scientists found that the birds took two different routes to Central Africa – an easterly route via Italy and a more direct route via Spain.
Despite it being shorter, more birds were lost along this western route. This could mean that increasingly dry summers in Spain linked to climate change are having an impact on the birds' ability to find food. The team will continue to track cuckoos to work out what might help more of them survive this increasingly perilous journey.
一座仅为人居住数月即被烧毁的古村落如今被称作“英国的庞贝古城”。科学家在分析建造村庄的木材后发现，在大火前，人们只在此生活了很短的一段时间。考古学家说，该遗址将帮助我们更深入地了解青铜时代生活的点点滴滴。请听 Tim Muffett 的报道。
Complete sets of pottery, razors, weaving equipment, the Bronze Age settlement discovered by archaeologists in Cambridgeshire was more prosperous than many had ever envisaged.
Five wooden houses are thought to have collapsed into a river, following a fire 3,000 years ago. Fragments were first discovered by diggers being used in a clay quarry. A 10-month excavation has now almost finished. It's revealed the largest collection of Bronze Age fibres and fabrics ever found in the UK and an array of household objects – tweezers, chisels, buckets and bowls – some still containing remnants of food from prehistoric Britain.
Historians say it's revealed Bronze Age houses to be far better equipped than many had predicted.
英国国家打击犯罪调查局（National Crime Agency）警告，相关商务及执法部门在打击网络罪犯中处于劣势，因为网络犯罪团伙的技术实力在不断赶超相关部门处理这类威胁的能力。请听 Sangita Mysta 的报道。
According to the National Crime Agency, a key threat to the UK comes from a few hundred international criminal gangs. It says some operate well-developed networks that run call centres and employ translators to help commit crime on a massive scale.
Official figures, the report says, suggest there were 2.46 million so-called cyber incidents last year, of which over 700,000 were reported as fraud.
The NCA says the true scale of criminality is likely to be far bigger because of what it calls a serious problem of under-reporting.
研究人员说，人类活动使亚马逊雨林变得更易燃。这是由一项关于巴西亚马逊地区的研究所得出的结论之一，该结论表明即使是被保护的丛林也会受到影响。这项调查的成果已在《自然》期刊上发布。请听 Victoria Gill 的报道。
(sound) The sound of burning rainforest. This is from footage captured by researchers in the Eastern Amazon. Their two-year study found that even selective logging in protected forests opened up the canopy enough to dry out the undergrowth and make it catch fire more easily.
To measure the impact of human activity on the rainforest, the team counted 2,000 species of trees, insects and birds, comparing biodiversity with the amount of forest cover, and you can hear the difference.
While a pristine undisturbed rainforest sounds like this (sound), far fewer species contribute to the chorus when the forest is degraded (sound).
This large-scale study showed that areas with 80% forest cover lost up to half their biodiversity.
 野生动物专家试图转移500头生活在非洲马拉维两个野生保护园区内的大象。此迁徙计划从下月开始，目的是为了帮助增加野生大象的总数。以下是 Richard Hamilton 的报道。
A century ago there were five million elephants in Africa. Today there are fewer than 470,000. Populations have been decimated by habitat loss and poaching. But two parks in Malawi – Liwonde and Majete – have managed to keep the poachers out and are actually overcrowded.
The charity African Parks is managing the move to the more empty Nkhotakota Wildlife Reserve.
The elephants will be drugged and loaded onto trucks. Other animals will also be introduced to the reserve, including buffalo, zebra and impala. African Parks hopes this man-made migration will increase tourism in Malawi, which is one of the continent's poorest nations.
It's also a welcome glimmer of hope amid a wider picture of poaching, destruction and decline.
专家们说没有充足的证据能证明饮用咖啡会增加患癌症的风险，从而降低了咖啡致癌的风险级别。过去，有专家曾指出咖啡和膀胱癌之间有所关联，但其实并没有足够的证据来证明咖啡到底是否是“致癌物质”。以下是 Adam Brimelow 的报道。
The decision to reclassify coffee was taken after a review of more than a thousand studies carried out by the International Agency for Research on Cancer.
It runs a register of environmental causes of cancer which runs from Group 1, where the evidence is convincing, to Group 4, where there's no risk.
Since 1991, coffee has been in category 2B reflecting a possible link to cancer. Now it's switched to category 3, which means there no conclusive evidence of a cancer risk.
The review concludes very hot beverages probably do cause cancer. Experts have urged people to let their drinks cool down for a few minutes.
研究人员发现，在开车时使用手机免提功能通话和拿着手机通话对驾驶员注意力的干扰不相上下。主要研究人员称，此研究结果为禁止在开车时使用任何方式接听电话提供了充分的证据。以下是 Richard Westcott 的报道。
You might think that going hands-free in the car is much safer than holding the phone in your hand. This research suggests that, although it's easier to physically control the car using both hands, the conversation itself could be dangerously distracting for your brain.
Psychologists at the University of Sussex say that when drivers are forced to visually imagine what they are talking about on the phone, they're using a part of the brain they'd normally use to watch the road. So asking a simple question like "where did you leave the blue file?" can mean a driver concentrates on an area four times smaller than normal, because their brain is imagining the room where they've left the file instead of checking for hazards.
Drivers who took part in the research also took just under a second longer to react to a pedestrian stepping off the pavement and to an oncoming car on the wrong side of the road.
Having a passenger next to you is less distracting, the researchers argue, because you both stop talking when the driver needs to concentrate.
考古学家透露他们在伦敦挖掘出了一批罗马木板，这其中包括英国有史以来最古老的手写文献。以下是 David Sillito 的报道。
"Londinio Mogontio" - "To Mogontius in London". It's not a long address but it didn't have to be.
In and around AD50, London was a small bustling frontier town and these tiny scratches into a Roman writing tablet show the first ever mention of the new city.
The tablets found in the mud of the banks of the Walbrook, one of London's lost rivers, are Britain's oldest written documents.
And with their details of arguments over debts, legal action and requests to brewers suggest that the life and business of the City of London was already set just a year or two after the Roman invasion.
一项政府报告透露，美国核武器部队仍在使用七十年代时兴的计算机系统及软盘。以下是 Gary O'Donoghue 的报道。
You may have thought the floppy disk was now an historical artefact. But it turns out it's alive and well within the US Defence Department and used to store data in the system that communicates with the different parts of America's nuclear deterrent.
The 1970s technology is so limited that you need about three million of them to approach the storage capacity of a $10 USB memory stick.
But the Pentagon isn't alone. US social security systems are written in a computer language dating from the late 1950s which fewer and fewer people are familiar with.
On the floppy disks, the Pentagon says they'll be gone by the end of next year, though the 40-year-old computers that use them may take a little longer to reach the museum.
一项由英国政府委托调研的报告结果显示，如果人们再不行动起来对抗“超级病菌”的话，那么到 2050 年，平均每三秒钟，超级病菌就会夺走一个人的生命。此报告建议减少各类抗生素的使用。以下是 Fergus Walsh 的报道。
In the two years this review has taken, the team involved estimates around a million people worldwide have died from drug-resistant infections but it warns this could rise to ten million people a year – more than die from cancer – unless the world tackles the superbug crisis. 
The report calls for a global public awareness campaign so that patients do not demand antibiotics when there's no need. 
It also wants a major reduction in antibiotic use in farm animals. New antimicrobials are urgently required and it says there should be big financial incentives for companies that develop effective drugs. 
Antibiotics are perhaps the most precious medicines we have. If they're to remain effective it will require international coordination to conserve their use and to prevent the spread of infections that fuel the rise of superbugs.
 伦敦一家公司的前台接待员因拒绝穿高跟鞋上班被告知需离开公司回家去，而且不发当天的工资。此举引起了一场就强制办公室着装要求的讨论。以下是 Catriona Renton 的报道。
 Nicola Thorp was on her first day working for the management consultancy PwC in central London. She was told by her employment agency Portico that as a receptionist she would have to wear shoes with heels between 2 and 4 inches high. 
 When she refused and noted that her male colleagues did not have to do this, Miss Thorp was sent home without pay. 
 She launched a petition asking Parliament to make it illegal to require women to wear high heels. It has gathered tens of thousands of signatures. 
 PwC asked Portico to review its policies. The agency has now said all female employees will be allowed to wear plain flat or plain court shoes as they prefer. 
科学家说他们现在已经对引起乳腺癌的几乎全部基因突变有了近乎完美的认识。这项发表在《自然》期刊上的研究结果被称为具有“里程碑”意义的时刻，因为此研究结果可以帮助解锁治疗乳腺癌和防止乳腺癌发病的新手段。以下是 James Gallagher 的报道。
To understand the causes of cancer, scientists have to know what goes wrong in our DNA – our blueprint of life – that transforms healthy tissue into cancerous tissue. Scientists, led by the Sanger Institute in Cambridge, analysed all 3 billion letters of the genetic code in more than five hundred patients with breast cancer in the largest ever study of its kind.
The researchers say there are ninety three sets of instructions or genes that if mutated can cause tumours. Professor Sir Mike Stratton, the Director of The Sanger Institute, said understanding had been transformed. He believes new drugs could eventually be targeted at each of the mutations, similar to the way Herceptin is already being used.
The scientists also tried to find out why genes become mutated in the first place.
Mutations leave scars on our DNA and that allowed the team to identify twelve types of damage that cause mutations in breast tissue. Some are related to family risk, others seem to be the result of fighting off infections but most are still unexplained. But understanding those, offers hopes at being able to prevent some cancers in the first place.
一家领先的医学机构说，吸烟者应被鼓励使用电子香烟来帮助他们最终戒烟。英国皇家内科医学院解释说，吸电子香烟比吸传统烟草要安全很多。以下是  Adam Brimelow 的报道。
The growing popularity of e-cigarettes has prompted debate about their safety, their potential to help people quit tobacco smoking and the risk they may encourage some people to take it up. 
The Royal College of Physicians concludes that their impact so far has been very positive. They've helped many thousands of people to quit and the switch from tobacco smoking is a dramatic step towards better health. 
It says any possible harm from long-term use is likely to be very small and it concludes fears that e-cigarettes are a gateway to smoking are unfounded. 
The report has been widely welcomed though the Faculty of Public Health has sounded a note of caution. It said that more research was needed to understand the risks. 
在印度，至少有3.3亿国民遭受严重干旱的影响。印度政府已将灾情告知最高法院，并发出警告称受灾人数还会增加。请听 BBC Gill McGivering 发回的报道。
The government says about 330 million people are now affected by drought and that number may rise as more states submit reports. It's a startling picture made worse by two years of poor rainfall and unusually hot weather.
There are hints of underlying problems too, from growing industrial use of water to failures to maintain rivers and waterways. In some places reservoirs are down to a quarter of their capacity - in others they've pretty much run dry.
Some cities have imposed water rationing. The latest water train carrying 2.5 million litres of water a distance of more than 340km has just arrived in a drought-stricken region of Maharashtra. Local newspapers report deaths from dehydration and heatstroke and suicides by farmers who've lost crops and cattle.
Some villagers walk long distances in search of water. In one recent case, a 12-year-old girl, Yogita, collapsed and died in rural Maharashtra, as she made her fifth trip to fetch water from the nearest pump, half a kilometre from her village.
健康专家呼吁厂商改良食品标签，在包装上标出人们要想消耗食物所含热量，需要做多少运动。英国皇家公共卫生协会在《英国医学杂志》上发表的文章中提到，该提议能够帮助降低肥胖率。以下是 Dominic Hughes 的报道。
Food and drink packaging already contains information such as calories, salt and sugar content, but the Royal Society of Public Health believes many people find this confusing. It's proposing an additional labelling system – what it calls activity equivalent calorie labelling – linking the calories consumed with the amount of exercise that would need to be done to work them off.
So a can of fizzy drink would take an adult of average height and weight about 26 minutes to walk off, a bowl of cereal, 16 minutes of running. The Food and Drink Federation says it's an interesting concept that is worth exploring.
Packaging is governed by EU-wide legislation but the Royal Society of Public Health admits that in the absence of detailed research on the impact such labelling may have on consumers at this stage there's little appetite for such a change.
根据世界卫生组织的报告，大约每十一个成人中就有一个人患糖尿病。统计数字显示，全世界每年有150万人因患糖尿病而死亡。以下是 BBC Krista Beighton 的报道：
The World Health Organisation says we are facing an unrelenting march of diabetes cases. In a major report it warns that cases rose from 108 million in 1980 to 422 million in 2014.
The increase is predominantly down to type 2 diabetes - the form associated with poor eating habits.
In the 1980s the highest rates were found in affluent countries. But in a remarkable transformation it's now low and middle income countries seeing the steepest increase in cases.
The WHO says the numbers will continue to rise unless drastic action is taken.
有证据显示澳大利亚的大堡礁正遭受有记录以来最严重的珊瑚白化现象，科学家们再次呼吁联合国将其列入世界濒危遗产名录。请听 BBC Jon Donnison 的报道。
The Great Barrier Reef is considered one of the seven wonders of the natural world. But the study from Australia's National Coral Bleaching Taskforce found that in some areas, 95% of the reefs are now severely damaged.
On the northern section running between Cairns in Queensland and Papua New Guinea, only four out of 520 reefs are untouched. Coral bleaching is caused by rising sea temperatures. It can take decades for the coral to recover. And persistent warmer waters kill the reefs altogether.
Last year UNESCO, the UN's scientific body, decided not to list the World Heritage Site as 'in-danger'. Environmentalists are now calling for that decision to be reassessed.
德国著名足球运动员弗朗茨·贝肯鲍尔被列为参与2006年德国世界杯贿选事件六名调查对象之一。在审查德国足球协会委托的一份报道后，世界性管理机构国际足联下属的道德委员会决定采取相关措施。请听 Richard Conway 的报道。
The investigation centres on allegations that Germany made undue payments and contracts to secure votes when bidding successfully to host the 2006 World Cup.
Last year, the German publication Der Spiegel claimed Germany's World Cup committee had established a slush fund of £4.8m to buy votes and secure the rights to stage the tournament.
Mr Beckenbauer and other officials have denied the allegations.
英国发起了一项活动，号召英国的小学在课程安排中加入每天跑步一英里（1.6公里）的时段，从而提高学生的身体健康状况。请听 BBC 记者 Robert Pigott 发回的报道。
The daily mile began four years ago at St Ninians primary school in Stirling and is now strongly backed by the Scottish government.
Although a university study into the effects of the 15-minute run round the playground is yet to publish its findings, St Ninians' former head teacher, Elaine Wyllie, claims it's reduced levels of obesity, improved fitness and benefitted sleep patterns and concentration in class.
Mrs Wyllie, who won last year's Pride of Britain Teacher of the Year award for coming up with the idea, says schools in several English counties, as well as others in the rest of Europe and the United States, are committed to adopting it.
In at least one case, in West Cheshire, the group that commissions health services is helping to subsidise the initiative, saying that it expects to benefit from improved adult health and lower costs in the future.
运动时装品牌耐克宣布暂停与俄罗斯网球运动员莎拉波娃的合作。莎拉波娃在新闻发布会上宣布她没有通过今年初在澳大利亚网球公开赛期间的兴奋剂检测。请听 BBC 记者 Richard Conway 发回的报道。
Winning Wimbledon aged just 17 made Maria Sharapova a global star. And for the last 11 years the five-times Grand Slam winner has been the highest-paid woman in sport. That, however, is about to change.
Her admission that she took a banned substance, a heart drug called meldonium, has prompted several of her blue-chip corporate backers, such as Nike and Porsche, to distance themselves.
Meldonium was placed on the list of banned drugs by WADA, the World Anti-Doping Agency, in January. It's usually prescribed for conditions such as angina, but in healthy people it boosts athletic endurance and recovery rates.
Maria Sharapova claims a family doctor legally prescribed it to her for over ten years and she was unaware it was prohibited. But the former head of WADA, Dick Pound, believes there can be no excuses.
三名英国研究人员获得了一项价值一百万欧元的奖项。每年，这个奖项会颁给“对欧洲脑神经科学研究作出杰出贡献”的人。以下是 David Shuman 对这三名研究人员突破性研究发现的报道。
How the brain actually holds memories was for years something that was too difficult to understand.
But scientists then realised than one part of it, called the hippocampus, plays the crucial role. Inside it there are billions of connections between the brain cells. And when those links becomes stronger, that's the key mechanism allowing us to remember.
So, one crucial discovery is that the brain can change: creating new connections, and breaking them.
Another is that faults with this process can be linked to conditions including depression, autism, addiction and Alzheimer's.
世界最著名的蒸汽机车之一，也是首辆创造时速每小时100英里记录的蒸汽机车，“苏格兰飞人”，在经过长达十年的翻修工程后重返铁轨。“苏格兰飞人”建造于1923年。以下是 James Alexander 的报道。
This is the moment steam enthusiasts have been waiting for: the moment Flying Scotsman, in its classic green livery, and with steam pouring from its chimney, thunders back onto the East Coast Main Line, where it made its name.
Passengers, who've paid up to £450 a ticket, are enjoying a champagne breakfast in vintage carriages.
The historic engine won't be setting any speed records today: safety rules mean it's restricted to 45 miles an hour.
It's due into York around midday, where it will be kept at the National Railway Museum.
The ancient remains of a female Neanderthal found in a remote cave in the mountains of Siberia are the source of the latest revelations about the sex lives of our ancestors. Hidden within her genome are traces of DNA from modern humans which reveal a genetic crossover that took place 100,000 years ago.
It means that we were interbreeding with our heavy-browed, stocky and now extinct relatives much earlier than was thought. Previous research had suggested that the two species first mixed about 60,000 years ago when humans migrated out of Africa and started to spread around the world. As they left the continent they met and mingled with the Neanderthals, who lived across Europe and Asia.
But the finding that interbreeding took place tens of thousands of years before suggests that some early humans left Africa way ahead of the crowds. However the circumstances behind these early interspecies encounters remain unclear and whether they took place by choice or by force is not known.
Flights coming from the US to Europe normally benefit from the powerful winds from the jet stream, which can boost speeds by up to 300 km/h. But this new study says that advantage will be undermined by rising emissions of CO2.
Climate change could increase the jet stream wind by 15 per cent. Flights from New York would speed up. But journeys from London would be twice as likely to take over seven hours. The overall result is that round trips would get significantly longer with planes spending an extra 2,000 hours in the air, costing around $22 million every year.
While the study only looked at flights between Europe and the US, the authors believe the same impact is likely to be seen in the southern hemisphere as well.
And with warming expected to increase turbulence, flying to the US could be longer, bumpier and more expensive as airlines seek to recoup their costs though higher ticket prices.
While black rats have spread rapidly throughout the world over the past 400 years, they've tended to avoid mature forests, disliking the leafy floors which are noisy for these rodents to run through.
Now researchers have found that the clearing of rainforests in the developing world could be speeding the spread of these black creatures.
In tests in Borneo, scientists found that fallen trees contained more insects and provided better cover for these rats.
The authors are concerned that this invasion will be bad news for other species, including nesting birds and small mammals.
Since first being detected in Brazil less than a year ago, the Zika virus has spread like wildfire and has now been reported across Latin America.
The virus usually only results in a mild rash and fever, but it's also been linked to a surge in microcephaly – a condition where babies are born with abnormally small heads.
Although the epicentre of the outbreak is in Northern Brazil, there've also been several cases of Zika in Rio de Janeiro. Olympic officials here say that in the run-up to this year's games they will inspect and if necessary fumigate areas where mosquitoes that transmit the disease might breed.
Some countries including the United States have advised pregnant women not to travel to Zika-infected areas, including parts of Brazil. With concerns about the impact on athletes and spectators coming to Rio for the Games, the British Olympic Association told the BBC they've been liaising with the London School of Tropical Medicine and will be monitoring the situation closely.
The idea that there might be a so-called Planet X moving in the distant reaches of the Solar System has been debated for more than 100 years. It's fallen in and out of vogue.
The latest claim is based on an analysis of the movements of objects in a band of icy material orbiting more than 3bn miles away known as the Kuiper Belt. The only way these alignments can be explained, say the Caltech team, is if an object ten times as massive as the Earth is out there somewhere moving perhaps 20 times as far away as Neptune, the current most distant planet.
The group hope their research will spark a telescope campaign to try to track it down.
One reason the claim is being taken so seriously is that it comes from the renowned astronomer Mike Brown. It was his discoveries in the outer Solar System that eventually led to Pluto losing its planet status in 2006.
For more than five decades scientists have been trying to draw an accurate map of what lies under the Antarctic ice sheet, which is more than 2.5 miles thick in places. Only a couple of regions remain unexplored, what the experts refer to as the 'Poles of Ignorance'.
One of these is a vast expanse in the east of the continent known as Princess Elizabeth Land. It's now the target of intense study and satellites have detected subtle shapes in the ice surface that suggest there could be a network of canyons hiding down below. If correct, the system would be more than 600 miles long and over 0.5 mile deep. There may be a buried lake as well.
Stewart Jamieson from Durham University led the research: "Knowing what lies beneath the ice sheet is important because we know that the shape of the landscape determines how the ice flows and responds over time. And so we'll be better able to predict how the ice sheet will respond to climate change in the future."
Airplanes are currently flying over Princess Elizabeth Land with sensors that can accurately survey the shape of the rock bed. They should confirm the presence of the canyon system.
Action for Children questioned 2,000 parents and found that almost a quarter struggled to restrict their children's screen time. In comparison, only about a fifth said they found it difficult to persuade children to eat healthily or go to bed on time. Homework was a problem for only one in ten parents.
Recent research from Cambridge University found that long periods in front of a screen undermined children's performance in exams. An extra hour every day of screen time at the age of 14, correlated with a lower score at GCSE at the age of 16, equivalent to two grades.
Action for Children said unplugging youngsters from electronic devices was also important to build strong relationships with parents which made children better able to communicate with adults and less susceptible to bullying or abuse outside the home.
The message in a bottle had been lost for more than a century, bobbing along the waves before Marianne Winkler stumbled across it as she was strolling along the beach while on holiday. At first she didn’t realise how old it was and followed the instructions written on the message to break the bottle. Inside she found a postcard written in English, German and Dutch with information to fill in about where the bottle was found and when along with the offer of a shilling reward if the postcard was returned to the Marine Biological Association in Plymouth.
Mrs Winkler dutifully sent the postcard back, much to the excitement of the scientists in Plymouth where the research institute still exists today. They worked out that the bottle had probably been thrown into the sea in 1906 as part of an experiment into deep-sea currents.
The scientists were thrilled and duly stuck to the century-old promise about a reward, went on eBay and sent Mrs Winkler an old shilling. 
The ability to feel empathy is built into the human brain. We smile or laugh almost instantly in response to others. Until now this ability was thought to extend only to our closest animal relatives such as orangutans and chimps.
Now researchers at the University of Pisa say dogs may be able to tune into the emotions of their canine companions. After studying hours of videotapes of dogs playing in a park, they said the animals can mimic each other's facial expressions and movements in a split-second, building social bonds.
The Italian scientist believe dogs may be showing a basic form of empathy which could have evolved when their ancestors became domesticated.
It's long been known that giving up cigarettes, reducing alcohol intake and avoiding sunburn can reduce the chances of getting certain types of cancer. But this new study suggests that our lifestyle choices could have an impact on between 70% and 90% of all cancer cases.
The team at Stony Brook University re-analysed existing cancer data and found that random cell mutation rarely gets to the point of causing cancer without some form of external factor like toxic chemicals or radiation.
They also found that anyone who moves from a country with a low cancer risk to somewhere with a higher risk becomes more likely to develop cancer themselves. The findings are expected to influence medical advice on avoiding the disease.
Negotiators here are, in effect, discussing the shape of a new world order. The old rich-versus-poor divisions are now much more complex.
The most vulnerable nations blame the rich for the problem, but also fear the rise in pollution from emerging nations like China, India and Brazil. The Americans partially agree. They say emerging economies must play a much bigger role in curbing emissions and in helping the most vulnerable states. Emerging economies say the US can't wriggle out of its historic pollution this way.
It's not just posturing. These are deeply-held views. Delegates have 36 hours to start reshaping the way the world sees itself.
In a small office behind London's King's Cross station a band of technology entrepreneurs is setting up a bank with 140 staff to offer what traditional banks need tens of thousands of people to provide. It is Tandem Bank, which will have an app and a small call centre.
Two hundred and fifty miles away in Durham, Atom Bank has been given a licence too. You won't even need a password to log into an account on its app – it'll recognise your face or your voice.
More start-up banks are set to follow. The Bank of England is talking to 26 candidates for licences – among them several budding app-only operations.
Despite evidence that people are fearful of switching banks, they are targeting millions of customers.
The WMO says this five-year period has brought record heat to Asia, Europe, South America and Oceania and North America. This latest October was exceptionally warm. 
The report says 2015 is likely to claim the title of the hottest year recorded, with annual surface temperatures partly fuelled by greenhouse gases and partly by the disruptive current El Nino. 
Greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere reached new highs. And in the northern hemisphere's spring, carbon dioxide levels crossed the threshold of 400 parts per million for the first time. 
The report says more than half of the 79 studies published by the bulletin of the American Meteorological Society in the past five years found that man-made climate change had contributed to extreme weather events over the period. 
Bacteria becoming completely resistant to antibiotics could plunge medicine back into the dark ages. It would affect not only infections but also surgery and cancer treatment.
Resistance to colistin has emerged in isolated cases before, but this time it is in a form that can spread easily between bacteria. It has already been found in multiple species of bacteria and in other Asian countries.
The bacteria which can't be treated with colistin can be destroyed by using other antibiotics for now, but the concern is that it will share its resistance with other bugs to create untreatable infections.
Resistance is thought to have emerged after the drug was used to treat farm animals.
Chinese ministers are meeting with the research team this weekend to discuss whether colistin should be banned in agriculture.
The blood-brain barrier does a good job of keeping toxins out. But this tightly-packed layer of cells which separates the brain from its blood vessels is a hindrance if you want to deliver drugs into the brain.
The patient – 56-year-old Bonny Hall from Canada – had a brain tumour that was growing in size despite conventional treatment and so she was given an intravenous infusion of chemotherapy along with a small dose of microbubbles. A focus beam of ultrasound was then applied to her skull to make the bubbles vibrate and punch holes in the blood-brain barrier.
Mrs Hall's neurosurgeon Dr Todd Mainprize says the procedure went well but more tests and safety checks are needed.
Another six to ten patients will take part in a safety trial to check for any side effects. If it goes well, the technique could eventually be used to treat other brain conditions, such as dementia, as well as cancer.
瑞典的一项大型研究项目发现，家中有宠物狗的低龄孩子日后不大可能患哮喘。BBC记者 Michelle Roberts 有以下报道：
Many people are allergic to dogs, or at least the dead skin cells and saliva that they shed as they groom themselves.
But a new piece of research from Sweden suggests early exposure to these pets could cut a child's future risk of allergy. Living with a dog in the home in the first year of life was linked to a 13% lower risk of asthma in later childhood among the 650,000 children the authors tracked.
The researchers say this fits with the hygiene hypothesis which favours exposure to dust and dirt to improve our tolerance of common allergens. But for a child who is already allergic to dogs, buying a puppy would not be a good idea.
据世界卫生组织最新发表的报告称，食用像培根、香肠和火腿等加工肉制品确实可以增加患癌症的风险。此报告说，每天吃50克的加工肉产品，相当于不到两片培根的量，就会使患直肠癌的几率增加18%。
This new assessment puts processed meat, such as salami and ham, in the highest category of five possible rankings of cancer-causing agents. And they say that red meat, even if it's not been treated, is in the next highest group, meaning it's probably carcinogenic.  
Alarming though this sounds, scientists emphasise that eating meat doesn't carry the same cancer risk as smoking cigarettes, for example.
Responding to the international report, Cancer Research UK said there was not much harm in having a bacon bap once in a while. It was more important not to eat too much red or processed meat.
美国研究人员对与我们祖先生活方式相似的非洲和南美洲社会居民的睡眠习惯进行了调查研究。研究表明我们祖先的睡眠时间可能少于我们。以下是 Rebecca Morelle 的报道。
From artificial lights to late-night TV and now our smartphones, modern life is often blamed for ruining our sleep. But this study suggests our ancestors didn't get any more sleep than we do.
The researchers monitored traditional societies in Namibia, Tanzania and Bolivia, where people live like ancient hunter-gatherers once did. They found they slept on average six and a half hours a night.
Surprisingly, natural light didn't have as big an influence as was thought. Most people fell asleep hours after sunset. However, temperature was important. The morning's coldest point was when most people woke up.
Insomnia was also extremely rare.
澳大利亚相关部门为其宰杀野猫的决定做出辩解说野猫威胁到当地物种的存活。英国歌手莫里西（Morrissey）和法国影星碧姬·芭铎 (Brigitte Bardot) 指责此宰杀行为。以下是 Jon Donnison 的报道。
The proposed cull will involve the killing of two million feral cats that the Australian government says are decimating many threatened species which the cats prey on.
Earlier this year Brigitte Bardot, a prominent animal rights campaigner, described the cull as 'animal genocide'. Morrissey has called the cull 'idiocy', adding that wild cats are smaller versions of Cecil, the Lion, which was killed amid much publicity and outrage by an American hunter in Zimbabwe earlier this year.
Now Australia's Threatened Species Commissioner Gregory Andrews has written to both – Bardot and Morrissey – explaining the policy. He says feral cats are an invasive species, not native to Australia, and that they've already led to the extinction of at least 27 Australian mammals, including the desert bandicoot and long-eared hopping mouse.
根据一项研究结果显示，过分依赖使用电脑和搜索引擎会使人脑的记忆力减退。以下是 Oliver Farrimond 的报道。
Scientists spoke to 6,000 adults in eight European countries and found that while many were able to recall phone numbers from their childhood, fewer could remember their current work numbers, or the contact details of family members.
About a third turned first to computers to recall information.
British adults seemed to be the worst affected. Only about half knew their partners' phone numbers, compared with four fifths of Italians.
Researchers say people have become accustomed to using digital devices as extensions of their brains, and that repeatedly looking up information does not create a lasting memory in the same way as simple recollection.
尼泊尔正在考虑对攀登珠穆朗玛峰者的年龄加以限制，禁止那些它认为年龄过小或过老的人攀登世界最高峰。该国因为没有管理好这一巨额产业而受到批评。以下是 Joanna Jolly 发来的报道：
Ever since Mount Everest opened to commercial expeditions in the 1990s, climbers have sought to establish world records on the mountain.
The youngest person to reach the summit was a 13-year-old from the United States. The oldest climber was 80.
But now Nepal says it wants to limit climbers to between the ages of 18 and 75 in order to better manage the mountain, which has suffered from overcrowding. It’s also considering banning anyone with disabilities.
The Nepalese government makes millions of dollars a year from the Everest climbing industry, but recently it’s come under criticism for poor management.
In 2014 the mountain was closed after 16 sherpas died in an accident. And this year the climbing season was also called off after a massive earthquake triggered an avalanche that killed 18 people.
歌曲“祝你生日快乐”中的歌词版权被美国法官裁决无效。这意味公众不再需要缴纳版权费。这支人人会唱的歌曲是由来自美国的希尔两姐妹（Mildred and Patty Hill）于1893年创作的。以下是 Anthony Birchley 的报道。
Happy Birthday To You is the most recognised song in the English language. The melody was composed by two sisters in Kentucky in 1893. Their song evolved into Happy Birthday and was first copyrighted by the Summy Company in 1935. Warner/Chappell bought the rights in 1988 and has been receiving around $2m in royalties a year ever since.
Two filmmakers planning a documentary about the song brought the legal challenge when Warner/Chappell demanded a fee for its use. They argued as the song was in the public domain, it shouldn't be subject to fees. A judge has now ruled that the Summy Company only ever acquired copyright to the melody, and not the lyrics, and as such, Warner/Chappell don't own the rights.
不论你是正坐在办公桌前或是正在开出租车，请你停下来想想这个问题：你做的这个工作若换做机器人或一台机器来完成是否能比你做得更好？英国牛津大学和德勤会计事务所（Deloitte）的研究人员说，英国现有工作的大约三分之一将在未来的二十年后被计算机取代。以下是 Rory Cellan-Jones 的报道。
Oxford University has predicted that 35% of jobs in the UK workforce are at risk from automation over the next 10 to 20 years. But Deloitte paints an optimistic picture of the way technology has transformed work over the past 15 years. While some jobs have been destroyed by automation – the number of typists is down by 75% - far more have been created.
But as computers and robots learn how to do more tasks once restricted to humans, there is a threat to low-skilled workers. Those earning under £30,000 a year are five times as likely to lose their jobs as people earning over £100,000.
Skills that computers don't possess, such as creativity and social intelligence, will become increasingly valuable in the job market.  
英国公众将可以给影响英国和爱尔兰地区的风暴起名字。人们可以通过电子邮件或社交网站将自己的建议发送给英国国家气象局。此举的目的是帮助提高群众对恶劣天气的防范意识。以下是 Simon Jones 的报道。
We're used to tropical storms and hurricanes being given names in other parts of the world often decided by a committee. Now storms in the UK and Ireland that have the potential to cause damage are to get the same treatment but decided by the public.
Putting human names to storms rather than numbers or technical terms is intended to avoid confusion and make them easier to remember when severe weather warnings are issued.
The public will be able to put forward ideas on Twitter and Facebook. The Met Office will compile a definitive list of the most popular suggestions with names in alphabetical order alternating between male and female.
Names that had previously been associated with storms that caused the loss of life in other parts of the world will not be used. 
印度官方宣布禁止民众在重大节日庆典中自拍以防止踩踏事件的发生。此规定在大壶节（Kumbh Mela）开始实行。大壶节每三年举行一次，是重要的印度教庆典活动。以下是 Charles Haviland 的报道。
The Kumbh Mela is currently under way at two venues in Maharashtra state with nearly three million Hindus attending.
For any pilgrim its culmination is the so-called royal bath in a river deemed sacred. It's during this bathing, which starts in just under two weeks' time, that selfies are being banned.
A special investigation team says people get too engrossed with their phone cameras and stop moving for too long. That leads to pushing, and sometimes panic. But an official says selfies will still be allowed on other days so as not to detract from the festive mood.
最新的研究报告说，一户普通人家的家中会隐藏着约九千种不同类型的微生物，这些微生物是怎么进来的呢？以下是 Rebecca Morelle 的报道。
A genetic analysis revealed that the average household had more than 2,000 species of fungi. The types of fungus found though depended on the home's location, suggesting these minute organisms are drifting in from outside.
The researchers also discovered an average 7,000 different types of bacteria per household. But the species varied according to whether men or women were the main residents or whether they lived with cats or dogs.
Although the study was carried out in the US, the scientists say the findings are also relevant around the world.
美国的研究人员设计了一本教人们如何通过过滤方式获取饮用水的说明书。而这本书的每一页纸都可以被撕下来充当滤纸。BBC 的 Jonathan Webb 有以下报道：
More than 600 million people around the world lack access to clean drinking water and this book has the potential to help.
It's relatively cheap, easy to ship and its pages serve two purposes: firstly, they are printed with instructions on how and why water should be filtered; secondly, they can be torn out and used as filters.
The paper contains nanoparticles of copper or silver, which kill bacteria and the new trial results from water sources in South Africa, Ghana and Bangladesh confirm that on average the paper slashes the bacteria count of contaminated water by well over 99%.
国际空间站（ ISS ）上的宇航员品尝到了新鲜的“太空莴苣”。这种红叶莴苣全都是由宇航员们在空间站里自己亲手栽种。此举标志着“太空蔬菜项目”的开始。今后我们将会看到更多空间站生长的食品问世。BBC 的 Gary O'Donoghue 有以下报道：
Astronauts have been growing crops in space for years but this is the first time they’ve eaten the produce while still in orbit. It took the crew on the space station 33 days to grow the red romaine lettuce under LED lamps.
Before they could eat the leaves they had to wipe them with sanitising cloths and then they added a little oil and vinegar. The verdict: "Good stuff", said one of the crew, saving a few leaves for the two Russian cosmonauts who were on a spacewalk while the feast was happening.
Nasa believes the experiment will help develop ways of making crews self-sufficient for longer journeys to places such as Mars. For now their judgement: one small bite for a man, one giant leaf for mankind.
英国和瑞士的心理学家最新研究的结果显示，野生倭黑猩猩在遇到某些情况时会使用一种高声调的叫声。这个原本被认为只有人类才能掌握的技能显示出倭黑猩猩在交流时的灵活和应变性。以下是 Jonathan Webb 的报道。
It used to be thought that apes could only make noises that were tied to their emotions such as barks of alarm or hoots of excitement. But this strange peeping sound recorded from wild bonobos appears to have more in common with the calls of human babies.
At just three or four months of age, we humans let out growls or squeals that sound the same whether we are happy or distressed. It's up to our parents to figure out what we mean from the context.
The researchers say it's the same with these bonobos peeps. An identical sound is made in happy or in neutral contexts. So instead of being unique to humans, these flexible calls apparently date back at least six million years to our common ancestor with bonobos and chimpanzees. Dr Zanna Clay from the University of Birmingham said her key observation was that the bonobos separated the sound they were making from how they were feeling.
It seems that the flexibility of our own squawks and grunts joins the growing list of abilities that we humans can no longer count as uniquely ours.
苏格兰一座小岛上的居民打算购买当地一幢在冷战期间被用来做监视观察的楼房并将其改造成供游客聆听鲸鱼歌声的景点。以下是 Colin Blane 的报道。
When the top secret radio and radar station was established on the headland at Aird Uig 60 years ago, it was part of Nato's early warning system against Soviet submarines and aircraft. Now the Ministry of Defence has no further use for the derelict buildings and the windswept clifftop site.
But local people are convinced the old base could help transform the economy of the area. Where Aird Uig once listened out for possible enemy attack, it's hoped a hydrophone could be placed in the sea to pick up the sound of whales.
There are plans for a visitor centre, with a dark skies night observatory. Other attractions include unexplored sea caves and cliff climbs which have never been tackled.
If it goes ahead, it will be one of Scotland's smallest and most unusual community buy-outs.
史蒂芬·霍金教授发起了一项新的探索行动，试图回答外星是否有生命存在这个问题。据说这是人类历史上规模最大的外星智慧生命搜索行动。以下是 Pallab Ghosh 的报道。
Scientists have been listening out for signals from intelligent civilisations on other worlds for decades, so far with no success. This new initiative is the most ambitious yet. It will survey ten times more of the sky than previous programmes. And over the next ten years, radio telescopes will listen out for broadcasts from a million of the stars closest to the Earth. 
The scheme has the support of some of the world's leading space researchers, including Professor Stephen Hawking, who says it's now time to answer one of the biggest questions in science:
Professor Stephen Hawking"Somewhere in the cosmos, perhaps, intelligent life may be watching these lights of ours, aware of what they mean. Or do our lights wander a lifeless cosmos - unseen beacons announcing that here, on one rock, the Universe discovered its existence? There is no bigger question. It's time to commit to finding the answer - to search for life beyond Earth."
Many scientists believe that there's only a small chance of receiving a signal from aliens from outer space. But if we do, we'll know that humanity is not alone in the universe.
美国宇航局的“新视野号”探测器与冥王星成功相遇。“新视野号”探测器本周二（7月14日）以每秒十四公里的速度飞过冥王星。科学家称“新视野号”收集的资料信息将改变人类对距离太阳最远的太阳系行星的认识。请听 Jonathan Amos 的报道。
For those of us who grew up with the idea that there were nine planets, this is the moment we get to complete the set. Robotic probes have been to all the others - even the distant Uranus and Neptune. Pluto is the last of the familiar nine to get a visit.
Of course, it was demoted to dwarf status in 2006, but this doesn't seem to have dulled anyone's enthusiasm. The New Horizons probe will sweep by at high speed, grabbing as many pictures and other types of science data as it can. Not just of Pluto but also its five moons: Charon, Styx, Nix, Kerberos and Hydra.
Unfortunately, the vast distance from Earth makes for very weak radio signals, and it's going to take many months to get all the images back. Nonetheless, the lead researcher, Alan Stern, says we should be prepared for some remarkable discoveries...
Alan Stern, NASA lead researcherI like to say that this is in a sense, a return to the kind of space exploration in the sixties and seventies, when everything was completely new - first mission to Venus, first mission to Mars, first mission to everywhere. And although new missions, for example to the surface of Mars, teach us tremendous amounts, where people say we re-write the textbook. This is an example of not re-writing the textbook - we're gonna write the textbook.
游览日本富士山的游客和登山者即将能在日本最高峰使用免费无线网络。日本富士山将从本周开始到今年九月期间向登山游客提供此服务。此举是为了帮助刺激日本旅游业的进一步发展。
Starting this Friday, eight free wi-fi hotspots will start operating at rest stops all the way up the mountain, including three on the summit. Japanese tourism officials say they will be handing out English instructions to hikers as they head up the trails.
They seem to be hoping that photos and videos posted from Japan's highest mountain will spread across the internet bringing lots of free publicity and lots more tourists.
The question for anyone who's been up the mountain is: 'Why does Mount Fuji need more publicity?' In the peak climbing months of July and August, the trails are already jammed with nearly 10,000 people a day. Last year, a record 285,000 people made it to the summit.
在经过长达三年的讨论评议后，“戴维斯报告”向外公布了其对修建伦敦希思罗机场第三条跑道考察的结果。由霍华德·戴维斯爵士领导的机场管理委员会的报告说支持第三条跑道的建设。以下是 Kamal Ahmed 的报道。
It took three years to complete, and weighs in at an impressive 340 pages, but Sir Howard's report on aviation capacity comes to a simple, single conclusion.
A new runway at Heathrow is the best option for maintaining Britain's connections to the world and providing billions of pounds in economic growth. In a move that is likely to be welcomed by business leaders and greeted with dismay by local residents and environmental groups, Sir Howard said that a third runway at one of the world's busiest airports would provide 70,000 new jobs by 2050.
To mitigate at least some of the controversy the commission's recommendations will surely spark, Sir Howard proposed a number of measures. Night flights will be banned – the government would make a parliamentary pledge not to build a fourth runway and an aviation noise levy would fund insulation for homes and schools. There would also be a legal commitment on air quality.
医生表示，窄腿牛仔裤可能会伤害你的腿。一篇最新发表在《神经学、神经外科学和精神病医学期刊》的报告说，一位身着窄腿紧身牛仔裤的澳大利亚女士由于腿脚肿胀麻木，疼痛无比被送往医院接受治疗，她的腿肿胀到无法脱下身穿的牛仔裤，医生不得不先用剪刀剪开她穿的裤子后才能对她进行入院治疗。以下是 Richard Slee 的报道。
The 35-year-old woman had to be cut out of her jeans after she lost the feeling in her lower legs, which had become badly swollen.
The doctors said the tight jeans had caused a loss of blood supply as well as muscle and nerve damage.
The case study, which is published in an online medical journal, says the woman had spent the previous day helping a relative move house and a number of hours squatting as she emptied cupboards, feeling more uncomfortable as the day progressed.
The woman was treated in hospital for four days and is now thought to have made a full recovery. 
